Index: 50854 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 8103>>

that would cause the required CSRF cookie to be sent. Solution: use
ensure_csrf_cookie() on the view that sends the page. CSRF protection in
reusable applications ¶ Because it is possible for the developer to turn off the
CsrfViewMiddleware , all relevant views in contrib apps use the csrf_protect
decorator to ensure the security of these applications against CSRF. It is
recommended that the developers of other reusable apps that want the same
guarantees also use the csrf_protect decorator on their views. Previous page and
next page How to use Django’s Content Security Policy How to write a custom
storage class Back to Top Additional Information Support Django! Abu Ashraf
Masnun donated to the Django Software Foundation to support Django development.
Donate today! Contents How to use Django’s CSRF protection Using CSRF protection
with AJAX Acquiring the token if CSRF_USE_SESSIONS and CSRF_COOKIE_HTTPONLY are
False Acquiring the token if CSRF_USE_SESSIONS or CSRF_COOKIE_HTTPONLY is True
Setting the token on the AJAX request Using CSRF protection in Jinja2 templates
Using the decorator method Handling rejected requests Using CSRF protection with
caching Testing and CSRF protection Edge cases Disabling CSRF protection for
just a few views Setting the token when CsrfViewMiddleware.process_view() is not
used Including the CSRF token in an unprotected view Protecting a view for only
one path Protecting a page that uses AJAX without an HTML form CSRF protection
in reusable applications Browse Prev: How to use Django’s Content Security
Policy Next: How to write a custom storage class Table of contents General Index
Python Module Index You are
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 36507 <<"chunk_id": 11, "docno": 5248>>

Python code is outside of the web server’s root. This will ensure that your
Python code is not accidentally served as plain text (or accidentally executed).
Take care with any user uploaded files . Django does not throttle requests to
authenticate users. To protect against brute-force attacks against the
authentication system, you may consider deploying a Django plugin or web server
module to throttle these requests. Keep your SECRET_KEY , and
SECRET_KEY_FALLBACKS if in use, secret. It is a good idea to limit the
accessibility of your caching system and database using a firewall. Take a look
at the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) Top 10 list which
identifies some common vulnerabilities in web applications. While Django has
tools to address some of the issues, other issues must be accounted for in the
design of your project. Mozilla discusses various topics regarding web security
. Their pages also include security principles that apply to any system.
Previous page and next page Pagination Performance and optimization Back to Top
Additional Information Support Django! Django Debug Toolbar donated to the
Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents
Security in Django Always sanitize user input Cross-site scripting (XSS)
protection Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) protection SQL injection protection
Clickjacking protection SSL/HTTPS Host header validation Referrer policy
Cross-origin opener policy Session security User-uploaded content Form
Submissions Content Security Policy Limitations and considerations Additional
security topics Browse Prev: Pagination Next: Performance and optimization Table
of contents General Index Python Module Index You are here: Django dev
documentation Using
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27802 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 4038>>

wish to return them in other cases, set them in your view. See RFC 9110 Section
9.3.4 to learn about the distinction between setting a validator header in
response to requests made with PUT versus POST . Comparison with middleware
conditional processing ¶ Django provides conditional GET handling via
django.middleware.http.ConditionalGetMiddleware . While being suitable for many
situations, the middleware has limitations for advanced usage: It’s applied
globally to all views in your project. It doesn’t save you from generating the
response, which may be expensive. It’s only appropriate for HTTP GET requests.
You should choose the most appropriate tool for your particular problem here. If
you have a way to compute ETags and modification times quickly and if some view
takes a while to generate the content, you should consider using the condition
decorator described in this document. If everything already runs fairly quickly,
stick to using the middleware and the amount of network traffic sent back to the
clients will still be reduced if the view hasn’t changed. Previous page and next
page Django’s cache framework Composite primary keys Back to Top Additional
Information Support Django! Ken Whitesell donated to the Django Software
Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents Conditional
View Processing The condition decorator Shortcuts for only computing one value
Use condition when testing both conditions Using the decorators with other HTTP
methods Comparison with middleware conditional processing Browse Prev: Django’s
cache framework Next: Composite primary keys Table of contents General Index
Python Module Index You are here: Django 6.0 documentation Using
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 21539 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 2637>>

in Django 1.2 ¶ Support for multiple databases ¶ Django 1.2 adds the ability to
use more than one database in your Django project. Queries can be issued at a
specific database with the using() method on QuerySet objects. Individual
objects can be saved to a specific database by providing a using argument when
you call save() . Model validation ¶ Model instances now have support for
validating their own data , and both model and form fields now accept
configurable lists of validators specifying reusable, encapsulated validation
behavior. Note, however, that validation must still be performed explicitly.
Simply invoking a model instance’s save() method will not perform any validation
of the instance’s data. Improved CSRF protection ¶ Django now has much improved
protection against Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks . This type of
attack occurs when a malicious website contains a link, a form button or some
JavaScript that is intended to perform some action on your website, using the
credentials of a logged-in user who visits the malicious site in their browser.
A related type of attack, “login CSRF,” where an attacking site tricks a user’s
browser into logging into a site with someone else’s credentials, is also
covered. Messages framework ¶ Django now includes a robust and configurable
messages framework with built-in support for cookie- and session-based
messaging, for both anonymous and authenticated clients. The messages framework
replaces the deprecated user message API and allows you to temporarily store
messages in one request and retrieve them for display in a subsequent request
(usually
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 33602 <<"chunk_id": 35, "docno": 4450>>

of known directives can be found in the IANA registry (note that not all of them
apply to responses). If you want to use headers to disable caching altogether,
never_cache() is a view decorator that adds headers to ensure the response won’t
be cached by browsers or other caches. Example: from
django.views.decorators.cache import never_cache @never_cache def myview (
request ): ... Order of MIDDLEWARE ¶ If you use caching middleware, it’s
important to put each half in the right place within the MIDDLEWARE setting.
That’s because the cache middleware needs to know which headers by which to vary
the cache storage. Middleware always adds something to the Vary response header
when it can. UpdateCacheMiddleware runs during the response phase, where
middleware is run in reverse order, so an item at the top of the list runs last
during the response phase. Thus, you need to make sure that
UpdateCacheMiddleware appears before any other middleware that might add
something to the Vary header. The following middleware modules do so:
SessionMiddleware adds Cookie GZipMiddleware adds Accept-Encoding
LocaleMiddleware adds Accept-Language FetchFromCacheMiddleware , on the other
hand, runs during the request phase, where middleware is applied first-to-last,
so an item at the top of the list runs first during the request phase. The
FetchFromCacheMiddleware also needs to run after other middleware updates the
Vary header, so FetchFromCacheMiddleware must be after any item that does so.
Previous page and next page Customizing authentication in Django Conditional
View Processing Back to Top Additional Information Support Django! revolunet
donated to the Django Software
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 16077 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 2149>>

between GET and POST data. Cache Framework ¶ The core goals of Django’s cache
framework are: Less code ¶ A cache should be as fast as possible. Hence, all
framework code surrounding the cache backend should be kept to the absolute
minimum, especially for get() operations. Consistency ¶ The cache API should
provide a consistent interface across the different cache backends.
Extensibility ¶ The cache API should be extensible at the application level
based on the developer’s needs (for example, see Cache key transformation ).
Previous page and next page API stability Third-party distributions of Django
Back to Top Additional Information Support Django! Kai Diefenbach donated to the
Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents
Design philosophies Overall Loose coupling Less code Quick development Don’t
repeat yourself (DRY) Explicit is better than implicit Consistency Models
Explicit is better than implicit Include all relevant domain logic Database API
SQL efficiency Terse, powerful syntax Option to drop into raw SQL easily, when
needed URL design Loose coupling Infinite flexibility Encourage best practices
Definitive URLs Template system Separate logic from presentation Discourage
redundancy Be decoupled from HTML XML should not be used for template languages
Assume designer competence Treat whitespace obviously Don’t invent a programming
language Safety and security Extensibility Views Simplicity Use request objects
Loose coupling Differentiate between GET and POST Cache Framework Less code
Consistency Extensibility Browse Prev: API stability Next: Third-party
distributions of Django Table of contents General Index Python Module Index You
are here: Django 6.0 documentation Meta-documentation and miscellany Design
philosophies
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 36506 <<"chunk_id": 10, "docno": 5248>>

endpoint, enabling monitoring and debugging. For configuration instructions, see
the Using CSP documentation, and refer to the CSP overview for details on
directives and settings. Limitations and considerations ¶ While CSP is a
powerful security mechanism, it’s important to understand its limitations and
implications, particularly when used in Django: Policy exclusion risks: Avoid
excluding specific paths or responses from CSP protection. Due to the browser’s
same-origin policy, a vulnerability on an unprotected page (e.g., one allowing
arbitrary script injection) may be leveraged to attack protected pages.
Excluding any route can significantly weaken the site’s overall CSP protection.
Performance overhead: Although typically negligible, CSP adds some processing
overhead. Nonce generation involves secure randomness for each applicable
request. For high-traffic applications or resource-constrained environments,
measure the performance impact accordingly. Browser support: While CSP Levels 1
and 2 are widely supported, newer directives (CSP Level 3+) or complex policy
behaviors may vary across browsers. Test your policy across the environments you
intend to support. Despite these limitations, CSP remains an important and
recommended security layer for web applications. Understanding its constraints
will help you design a more effective and reliable deployment. Additional
security topics ¶ While Django provides good security protection out of the box,
it is still important to properly deploy your application and take advantage of
the security protection of the web server, operating system and other
components. Make sure that your Python code is outside of the web server’s root.
This will ensure that your Python code is not accidentally served as plain text
(or accidentally
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41715 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 6384>>

get the best performance from their databases. The database optimization
documentation gathers together links to the relevant documentation and adds
various tips that outline the steps to take when attempting to optimize your
database usage. Other database-related tips ¶ Enabling Persistent connections
can speed up connections to the database accounts for a significant part of the
request processing time. This helps a lot on virtualized hosts with limited
network performance, for example. HTTP performance ¶ Middleware ¶ Django comes
with a few helpful pieces of middleware that can help optimize your site’s
performance. They include: ConditionalGetMiddleware ¶ Adds support for modern
browsers to conditionally GET responses based on the ETag and Last-Modified
headers. It also calculates and sets an ETag if needed. GZipMiddleware ¶
Compresses responses for all modern browsers, saving bandwidth and transfer
time. Note that GZipMiddleware is currently considered a security risk, and is
vulnerable to attacks that nullify the protection provided by TLS/SSL. See the
warning in GZipMiddleware for more information. Sessions ¶ Using cached sessions
¶ Using cached sessions may be a way to increase performance by eliminating the
need to load session data from a slower storage source like the database and
instead storing frequently used session data in memory. Static files ¶ Static
files, which by definition are not dynamic, make an excellent target for
optimization gains. ManifestStaticFilesStorage ¶ By taking advantage of web
browsers’ caching abilities, you can eliminate network hits entirely for a given
file after the initial download. ManifestStaticFilesStorage appends a
content-dependent tag to the filenames of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41774 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 6391>>

STATIC_ROOT directory where collectstatic will copy them. See How to manage
static files (e.g. images, JavaScript, CSS) for more information. MEDIA_ROOT and
MEDIA_URL ¶ Media files are uploaded by your users. They’re untrusted! Make sure
your web server never attempts to interpret them. For instance, if a user
uploads a .php file, the web server shouldn’t execute it. Now is a good time to
check your backup strategy for these files. HTTPS ¶ Any website which allows
users to log in should enforce site-wide HTTPS to avoid transmitting access
tokens in clear. In Django, access tokens include the login/password, the
session cookie, and password reset tokens. (You can’t do much to protect
password reset tokens if you’re sending them by email.) Protecting sensitive
areas such as the user account or the admin isn’t sufficient, because the same
session cookie is used for HTTP and HTTPS. Your web server must redirect all
HTTP traffic to HTTPS, and only transmit HTTPS requests to Django. Once you’ve
set up HTTPS, enable the following settings. CSRF_COOKIE_SECURE ¶ Set this to
True to avoid transmitting the CSRF cookie over HTTP accidentally.
SESSION_COOKIE_SECURE ¶ Set this to True to avoid transmitting the session
cookie over HTTP accidentally. Performance optimizations ¶ Setting DEBUG = False
disables several features that are only useful in development. In addition, you
can tune the following settings. Sessions ¶ Consider using cached sessions to
improve performance. If using database-backed sessions, regularly clear old
sessions to avoid storing unnecessary data. CONN_MAX_AGE ¶ Enabling persistent
database connections can result in
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 33597 <<"chunk_id": 30, "docno": 4450>>

a man-in-the-middle attack. Your Django website may sit behind a proxy cache ,
such as Squid Web Proxy Cache ( http://www.squid-cache.org/ ), that caches pages
for performance. In this case, each request first would be handled by the proxy,
and it would be passed to your application only if needed. Your web browser
caches pages, too. If a web page sends out the appropriate headers, your browser
will use the local cached copy for subsequent requests to that page, without
even contacting the web page again to see whether it has changed. Downstream
caching is a nice efficiency boost, but there’s a danger to it: Many web pages’
contents differ based on authentication and a host of other variables, and cache
systems that blindly save pages based purely on URLs could expose incorrect or
sensitive data to subsequent visitors to those pages. For example, if you
operate a web email system, then the contents of the “inbox” page depend on
which user is logged in. If an ISP blindly cached your site, then the first user
who logged in through that ISP would have their user-specific inbox page cached
for subsequent visitors to the site. That’s not cool. Fortunately, HTTP provides
a solution to this problem. A number of HTTP headers exist to instruct
downstream caches to differ their cache contents depending on designated
variables, and to tell caching mechanisms not to cache particular pages. We’ll
look at some of these headers in the sections that follow. Using Vary headers ¶
The Vary header defines which
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22793 <<"chunk_id": 12, "docno": 2852>>

usage details, including security considerations. CSRF protection middleware ¶
class CsrfViewMiddleware [source] ¶ Adds protection against Cross Site Request
Forgeries by adding hidden form fields to POST forms and checking requests for
the correct value. See the Cross Site Request Forgery protection documentation .
You can add Cross Site Request Forgery protection to individual views using the
csrf_protect() decorator. X-Frame-Options middleware ¶ class
XFrameOptionsMiddleware [source] ¶ Simple clickjacking protection via the
X-Frame-Options header . Content Security Policy middleware ¶ class
ContentSecurityPolicyMiddleware [source] ¶ New in Django 6.0. Adds support for
Content Security Policy (CSP), which helps mitigate risks such as Cross-Site
Scripting (XSS) and data injection attacks by controlling the sources of content
that can be loaded in the browser. See the Overview documentation for details on
configuring policies. This middleware sets the following headers on the response
depending on the available settings: Content-Security-Policy , based on
SECURE_CSP . Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only , based on
SECURE_CSP_REPORT_ONLY . Middleware ordering ¶ Here are some hints about the
ordering of various Django middleware classes: SecurityMiddleware It should go
near the top of the list if you’re going to turn on the SSL redirect as that
avoids running through a bunch of other unnecessary middleware.
UpdateCacheMiddleware Before those that modify the Vary header (
SessionMiddleware , GZipMiddleware , LocaleMiddleware ). GZipMiddleware Before
any middleware that may change or use the response body. After
UpdateCacheMiddleware : Modifies Vary header. SessionMiddleware Before any
middleware that may raise an exception to trigger an error view (such as
PermissionDenied ) if you’re using CSRF_USE_SESSIONS .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1088 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 165>>

the cookie and adds a custom request header with the token in all following
requests. The server compares the received cookie value to the request header
value and rejects the request if the values are missing or don't match. This
technique is effective because all browsers implement the same origin policy .
Only code from the website on which cookies are set can read the cookies from
that site and set custom headers on requests to that site. That means only your
application can read this cookie token and set the custom header. The malicious
code on evil.com can't. HttpClient XSRF/CSRF security HttpClient supports a
common mechanism used to prevent XSRF attacks. When performing HTTP requests, an
interceptor reads a token from a cookie, by default XSRF-TOKEN , and sets it as
an HTTP header, X-XSRF-TOKEN . Because only code that runs on your domain could
read the cookie, the backend can be certain that the HTTP request came from your
client application and not an attacker. By default, an interceptor sends this
header on all mutating requests (such as POST ) to relative and same origin
URLs, but not on GET or HEAD requests. Why not protect GET requests? CSRF
protection is only needed for requests that can change state on the backend. By
their nature, CSRF attacks cross domain boundaries, and the web's same-origin
policy will prevent an attacking page from retrieving the results of
authenticated GET requests. To take advantage of this, your server needs to set
a token in a JavaScript readable
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3751 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 505>>

of little kittens. When users would go to that page, their profiles would get
deleted while they are looking at images of fluffy cats. How can you prevent
that? Basically for each request that modifies content on the server you would
have to either use a one-time token and store that in the cookie and also
transmit it with the form data. After receiving the data on the server again,
you would then have to compare the two tokens and ensure they are equal. Why
does Flask not do that for you? The ideal place for this to happen is the form
validation framework, which does not exist in Flask. JSON Security ¶ In Flask
0.10 and lower, jsonify() did not serialize top-level arrays to JSON. This was
because of a security vulnerability in ECMAScript 4. ECMAScript 5 closed this
vulnerability, so only extremely old browsers are still vulnerable. All of these
browsers have other more serious vulnerabilities , so this behavior was changed
and jsonify() now supports serializing arrays. Security Headers ¶ Browsers
recognize various response headers in order to control security. We recommend
reviewing each of the headers below for use in your application. The
Flask-Talisman extension can be used to manage HTTPS and the security headers
for you. HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) ¶ Tells the browser to convert
all HTTP requests to HTTPS, preventing man-in-the-middle (MITM) attacks.
response . headers [ 'Strict-Transport-Security' ] = 'max-age=31536000;
includeSubDomains'
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Strict-Transport-Security
Content Security Policy (CSP) ¶ Tell the browser where it can load various types
of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 40824 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 6231>>

application that uses GET requests for admin forms is a security risk: it can be
easy for an attacker to mimic a form’s request to gain access to sensitive parts
of the system. POST , coupled with other protections like Django’s CSRF
protection offers more control over access. On the other hand, GET is suitable
for things like a web search form, because the URLs that represent a GET request
can easily be bookmarked, shared, or resubmitted. Django’s role in forms ¶
Handling forms is a complex business. Consider Django’s admin, where numerous
items of data of several different types may need to be prepared for display in
a form, rendered as HTML, edited using a convenient interface, returned to the
server, validated and cleaned up, and then saved or passed on for further
processing. Django’s form functionality can simplify and automate vast portions
of this work, and can also do it more securely than most programmers would be
able to do in code they wrote themselves. Django handles three distinct parts of
the work involved in forms: preparing and restructuring data to make it ready
for rendering creating HTML forms for the data receiving and processing
submitted forms and data from the client It is possible to write code that does
all of this manually, but Django can take care of it all for you. Forms in
Django ¶ We’ve described HTML forms briefly, but an HTML <form> is just one part
of the machinery required. In the context of a web application, ‘form’ might
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27642 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 4017>>

The middleware will only add a trailing slash and redirect (by looking at the
APPEND_SLASH setting) if the resulting URL refers to a valid flatpage. Redirects
are permanent (301 status code). If it doesn’t find a match, the request
continues to be processed as usual. The middleware only gets activated for 404s
– not for 500s or responses of any other status code. Flatpages will not apply
view middleware Because the FlatpageFallbackMiddleware is applied only after URL
resolution has failed and produced a 404, the response it returns will not apply
any view middleware methods. Only requests which are successfully routed to a
view via normal URL resolution apply view middleware. Note that the order of
MIDDLEWARE matters. Generally, you can put FlatpageFallbackMiddleware at the end
of the list. This means it will run first when processing the response, and
ensures that any other response-processing middleware see the real flatpage
response rather than the 404. For more on middleware, read the middleware docs .
Ensure that your 404 template works Note that the FlatpageFallbackMiddleware
only steps in once another view has successfully produced a 404 response. If
another view or middleware class attempts to produce a 404 but ends up raising
an exception instead, the response will become an HTTP 500 (“Internal Server
Error”) and the FlatpageFallbackMiddleware will not attempt to serve a flatpage.
How to add, change and delete flatpages ¶ Warning Permissions to add or edit
flatpages should be restricted to trusted users. Flatpages are defined by raw
HTML and are not sanitized by
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 36505 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 5248>>

For example, if your site runs on example.com , you would want to serve uploaded
content (the MEDIA_URL setting) from something like usercontent-example.com .
It’s not sufficient to serve content from a subdomain like
usercontent.example.com . Beyond this, applications may choose to define a list
of allowable file extensions for user uploaded files and configure the web
server to only serve such files. Form Submissions ¶ Form submissions containing
files are not limited by DATA_UPLOAD_MAX_MEMORY_SIZE . Under ASGI, the entire
request may be spooled to disk before any file size validation is performed. It
is strongly advised that you limit the maximum request body size in your web
server configuration to prevent denial of service (DOS) attacks. Content
Security Policy ¶ Content Security Policy (CSP) is a browser security mechanism
that helps protect web applications against attacks such as cross-site scripting
(XSS) and other content injection attacks. CSP allows web applications to define
which sources of content are trusted, instructing the browser to load, execute,
or render resources only from those sources. This effectively creates an
allowlist of content origins, reducing the risk of malicious code execution. Key
benefits of enabling CSP include: Mitigating XSS attacks by blocking inline
scripts and restricting external script loading. Controlling which external
resources (e.g., images, fonts, stylesheets) can be loaded. Preventing unwanted
framing of your site to protect against clickjacking. Reporting violations to a
specified endpoint, enabling monitoring and debugging. For configuration
instructions, see the Using CSP documentation, and refer to the CSP overview for
details on directives and settings.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 50853 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 8103>>

CSRF protection, but a few do not. Solution: rather than disabling the
middleware and applying csrf_protect to all the views that need it, enable the
middleware and use csrf_exempt() . Setting the token when
CsrfViewMiddleware.process_view() is not used ¶ There are cases when
CsrfViewMiddleware.process_view may not have run before your view is run - 404
and 500 handlers, for example - but you still need the CSRF token in a form.
Solution: use requires_csrf_token() Including the CSRF token in an unprotected
view ¶ There may be some views that are unprotected and have been exempted by
csrf_exempt , but still need to include the CSRF token. Solution: use
csrf_exempt() followed by requires_csrf_token() . (i.e. requires_csrf_token
should be the innermost decorator). Protecting a view for only one path ¶ A view
needs CSRF protection under one set of conditions only, and mustn’t have it for
the rest of the time. Solution: use csrf_exempt() for the whole view function,
and csrf_protect() for the path within it that needs protection. Example: from
django.views.decorators.csrf import csrf_exempt , csrf_protect @csrf_exempt def
my_view ( request ): @csrf_protect def protected_path ( request ): do_something
() if some_condition (): return protected_path ( request ) else :
do_something_else () Protecting a page that uses AJAX without an HTML form ¶ A
page makes a POST request via AJAX, and the page does not have an HTML form with
a csrf_token that would cause the required CSRF cookie to be sent. Solution: use
ensure_csrf_cookie() on the view that sends the page. CSRF protection in
reusable applications
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 15217 <<"chunk_id": 27, "docno": 2002>>

JSON encoder class you can pass the encoder parameter to the constructor method:
>>> response = JsonResponse ( data , encoder = MyJSONEncoder )
StreamingHttpResponse objects ¶ class StreamingHttpResponse [source] ¶ The
StreamingHttpResponse class is used to stream a response from Django to the
browser. Advanced usage StreamingHttpResponse is somewhat advanced, in that it
is important to know whether you’ll be serving your application synchronously
under WSGI or asynchronously under ASGI, and adjust your usage appropriately.
Please read these notes with care. An example usage of StreamingHttpResponse
under WSGI is streaming content when generating the response would take too long
or uses too much memory. For instance, it’s useful for generating large CSV
files . There are performance considerations when doing this, though. Django,
under WSGI, is designed for short-lived requests. Streaming responses will tie a
worker process for the entire duration of the response. This may result in poor
performance. Generally speaking, you would perform expensive tasks outside of
the request-response cycle, rather than resorting to a streamed response. When
serving under ASGI, however, a StreamingHttpResponse need not stop other
requests from being served whilst waiting for I/O. This opens up the possibility
of long-lived requests for streaming content and implementing patterns such as
long-polling, and server-sent events. Even under ASGI note,
StreamingHttpResponse should only be used in situations where it is absolutely
required that the whole content isn’t iterated before transferring the data to
the client. Because the content can’t be accessed, many middleware can’t
function normally. For example the ETag and Content-Length headers
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27903 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4054>>

have already been set by another layer. Settings ¶ The
ContentSecurityPolicyMiddleware is configured using the following settings:
SECURE_CSP : defines the enforced Content Security Policy .
SECURE_CSP_REPORT_ONLY : defines a report-only Content Security Policy . These
settings can be used independently or together Use SECURE_CSP alone to enforce a
policy that has already been tested and verified. Use SECURE_CSP_REPORT_ONLY on
its own to evaluate a new policy without disrupting site behavior. This mode
does not block violations, it only logs them. It’s useful for testing and
monitoring, but provides no protection against active threats. Use both to
maintain an enforced baseline while experimenting with changes. Even for
well-established policies, continuing to collect reports can help detect
regressions, unexpected changes in behavior, or potential tampering in
production environments. Policy violation reports ¶ When a CSP violation occurs,
browsers typically log details to the developer console, providing immediate
feedback during development. To also receive these reports programmatically, the
policy must include a reporting directive such as report-uri that specifies
where violation data should be sent. Django supports configuring these
directives via the SECURE_CSP_REPORT_ONLY settings, but reports will only be
issued by the browser if the policy explicitly includes a valid reporting
directive. Django does not provide built-in functionality to receive, store, or
process violation reports. To collect and analyze them, you must implement your
own reporting endpoint or integrate with a third-party monitoring service. CSP
constants ¶ Django provides predefined constants representing common CSP source
expression keywords such as 'self' , 'none' , and 'unsafe-inline' . These
constants
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 18581 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 2457>>

(and other requests that are defined as ‘safe’ by RFC 9110 Section 9.2.1 ).
These requests ought never to have any potentially dangerous side effects, and
so a CSRF attack with a GET request ought to be harmless. RFC 9110 Section 9.2.1
defines POST, PUT, and DELETE as ‘unsafe’, and all other methods are also
assumed to be unsafe, for maximum protection. The CSRF protection cannot protect
against man-in-the-middle attacks, so use HTTPS with HTTP Strict Transport
Security . It also assumes validation of the HOST header and that there aren’t
any cross-site scripting vulnerabilities on your site (because XSS
vulnerabilities already let an attacker do anything a CSRF vulnerability allows
and much worse). Removing the Referer header To avoid disclosing the referrer
URL to third-party sites, you might want to disable the referer on your site’s
<a> tags. For example, you might use the <meta name="referrer"
content="no-referrer"> tag or include the Referrer-Policy: no-referrer header.
Due to the CSRF protection’s strict referer checking on HTTPS requests, those
techniques cause a CSRF failure on requests with ‘unsafe’ methods. Instead, use
alternatives like <a rel="noreferrer" ...>" for links to third-party sites.
Limitations ¶ Subdomains within a site will be able to set cookies on the client
for the whole domain. By setting the cookie and using a corresponding token,
subdomains will be able to circumvent the CSRF protection. The only way to avoid
this is to ensure that subdomains are controlled by trusted users (or, are at
least unable to set cookies). Note that even without CSRF, there
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
