Index: 40761 <<"chunk_id": 21, "docno": 6218>>

example of how to subclass FileField to support a particular type of file, as it
incorporates all of the techniques described above. Cache file attributes
wherever possible. Since files may be stored in remote storage systems,
retrieving them may cost extra time, or even money, that isn’t always necessary.
Once a file is retrieved to obtain some data about its content, cache as much of
that data as possible to reduce the number of times the file must be retrieved
on subsequent calls for that information. Previous page and next page How to
integrate Django with a legacy database How to create database migrations Back
to Top Additional Information Support Django! Nowack & Olson, PLLC donated to
the Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today!
Contents How to create custom model fields Introduction Our example object
Background theory Database storage What does a field class do? Writing a field
subclass Field deconstruction Field attributes not affecting database column
definition Changing a custom field’s base class Documenting your custom field
Useful methods Custom database types Converting values to Python objects
Converting Python objects to query values Converting query values to database
values Preprocessing values before saving Specifying the form field for a model
field Emulating built-in field types Converting field data for serialization
Some general advice Writing a FileField subclass A few suggestions Browse Prev:
How to integrate Django with a legacy database Next: How to create database
migrations Table of contents General Index Python Module Index You are here:
Django dev documentation How-to guides
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6346 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 828>>

Creating your own settings Using settings without setting DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE
Signals Listening to signals Defining and sending signals Disconnecting signals
System check framework Writing your own checks External packages Localflavor
Comments Formtools Asynchronous support Async views Async safety Async adapter
functions Django’s Tasks framework Background Task fundamentals Configuring a
Task backend Defining Tasks Enqueueing Tasks Task results How-to guides Models,
data and databases How to provide initial data for models How to integrate
Django with a legacy database How to create custom model fields How to create
database migrations How to write custom lookups Templates and output How to
create CSV output How to create PDF files How to override templates How to
implement a custom template backend How to create custom template tags and
filters Project configuration and management How to manage static files (e.g.
images, JavaScript, CSS) How to configure and use logging How to manage error
reporting How to delete a Django application Installing, deploying and upgrading
How to upgrade Django to a newer version How to install Django on Windows How to
deploy Django How to deploy static files Other guides How to authenticate using
REMOTE_USER How to use Django’s Content Security Policy How to use Django’s CSRF
protection How to write a custom storage class How to create custom django-admin
commands How to customize the shell command Django FAQ FAQ: General Why does
this project exist? What does “Django” mean, and how do you pronounce it? Is
Django stable? Does Django scale? Who’s behind this? How is Django licensed? Why
does Django
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 15851 <<"chunk_id": 20, "docno": 2110>>

these objects in more than one database. Common setups include primary/replica
and connecting to external databases. Therefore, it’s recommended to write a
database router that allows synchronizing these three models to only one
database. Use the same approach for contrib and third-party apps that don’t need
their tables in multiple databases. Warning If you’re synchronizing content
types to more than one database, be aware that their primary keys may not match
across databases. This may result in data corruption or data loss. Previous page
and next page Database transactions Tablespaces Back to Top Additional
Information Support Django! Cagil Ulusahin Sonmez donated to the Django Software
Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents Multiple
databases Defining your databases Synchronizing your databases Using other
management commands Automatic database routing Database routers Hints Using
routers An example Manually selecting a database Manually selecting a database
for a QuerySet Selecting a database for save() Moving an object from one
database to another Selecting a database to delete from Using managers with
multiple databases Using get_queryset() with multiple databases Exposing
multiple databases in Django’s admin interface Using raw cursors with multiple
databases Limitations of multiple databases Cross-database relations Behavior of
contrib apps Browse Prev: Database transactions Next: Tablespaces Table of
contents General Index Python Module Index You are here: Django 6.0
documentation Using Django Models and databases Multiple databases Getting help
FAQ Try the FAQ — it's got answers to many common questions. Index , Module
Index , or Table of Contents Handy when looking for specific information. Django
Discord
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 48479 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 7649>>

performance Using different versions of available software Serializing Django
objects Serializing data Deserializing data Serialization formats Natural keys
Django settings The basics Designating the settings Default settings Using
settings in Python code Altering settings at runtime Security Available settings
Creating your own settings Using settings without setting DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE
Signals Listening to signals Defining and sending signals Disconnecting signals
System check framework Writing your own checks External packages Localflavor
Comments Formtools Asynchronous support Async views Async safety Async adapter
functions Django’s Tasks framework Background Task fundamentals Configuring a
Task backend Defining Tasks Enqueueing Tasks Task results How-to guides Models,
data and databases How to provide initial data for models How to integrate
Django with a legacy database How to create custom model fields How to create
database migrations How to write custom lookups Templates and output How to
create CSV output How to create PDF files How to override templates How to
implement a custom template backend How to create custom template tags and
filters Project configuration and management How to manage static files (e.g.
images, JavaScript, CSS) How to configure and use logging How to manage error
reporting How to delete a Django application Installing, deploying and upgrading
How to upgrade Django to a newer version Πώς να εγκαταστήσετε το Django στα
Windows How to deploy Django How to deploy static files Other guides How to
authenticate using REMOTE_USER How to use Django’s Content Security Policy How
to use Django’s CSRF protection How to write a custom storage class How to
create custom django-admin commands How
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 32008 <<"chunk_id": 24, "docno": 4249>>

multiple Django versions ¶ If you are the maintainer of a third-party app with
models, you may need to ship migrations that support multiple Django versions.
In this case, you should always run makemigrations with the lowest Django
version you wish to support . The migrations system will maintain
backwards-compatibility according to the same policy as the rest of Django, so
migration files generated on Django X.Y should run unchanged on Django X.Y+1.
The migrations system does not promise forwards-compatibility, however. New
features may be added, and migration files generated with newer versions of
Django may not work on older versions. See also The Migrations Operations
Reference Covers the schema operations API, special operations, and writing your
own operations. The Writing Migrations “how-to” Explains how to structure and
write database migrations for different scenarios you might encounter. Previous
page and next page Using mixins with class-based views Managing files Back to
Top Additional Information Support Django! Agency Cybersecurity donated to the
Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents
Migrations The Commands Backend Support PostgreSQL MySQL SQLite Workflow Version
control Transactions Dependencies Swappable dependencies Migration files Custom
fields Model managers Initial migrations History consistency Adding migrations
to apps Reversing migrations Historical models Considerations when removing
model fields Data Migrations Accessing models from other apps More advanced
migrations Squashing migrations Serializing values Custom serializers Adding a
deconstruct() method Supporting multiple Django versions Browse Prev: Using
mixins with class-based views Next: Managing files Table of contents General
Index Python Module Index You are here: Django 6.0
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 51073 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 8146>>

Cross-origin opener policy Session security User-uploaded content Form
Submissions Content Security Policy Additional security topics Rendimiento y
optimización Introducción General approaches Caché Understanding laziness Bases
de datos HTTP performance Template performance Using different versions of
available software Serializing Django objects Serializing data Deserializing
data Serialization formats Natural keys Django settings The basics Designating
the settings Default settings Using settings in Python code Altering settings at
runtime Seguridad Available settings Creating your own settings Using settings
without setting DJANGO_SETTINGS_MODULE Señales Listening to signals Defining and
sending signals Disconnecting signals Framework de comprobación de sistema
Writing your own checks External packages Localflavor Comentarios Formtools
Soporte asíncrono Vistas asincrónicas Seguridad asíncrona Funciones adaptadoras
asíncronas Django’s Tasks framework Background Task fundamentals Configuring a
Task backend Defining Tasks Enqueueing Tasks Task results How-to guides Models,
data and databases How to provide initial data for models How to integrate
Django with a legacy database How to create custom model fields How to create
database migrations How to write custom lookups Templates and output How to
create CSV output How to create PDF files How to override templates How to
implement a custom template backend How to create custom template tags and
filters Project configuration and management How to manage static files (e.g.
images, JavaScript, CSS) How to configure and use logging How to manage error
reporting How to delete a Django application Installing, deploying and upgrading
How to upgrade Django to a newer version How to install Django on Windows How to
deploy Django How to deploy static files Other guides Cómo
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 16077 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 2149>>

between GET and POST data. Cache Framework ¶ The core goals of Django’s cache
framework are: Less code ¶ A cache should be as fast as possible. Hence, all
framework code surrounding the cache backend should be kept to the absolute
minimum, especially for get() operations. Consistency ¶ The cache API should
provide a consistent interface across the different cache backends.
Extensibility ¶ The cache API should be extensible at the application level
based on the developer’s needs (for example, see Cache key transformation ).
Previous page and next page API stability Third-party distributions of Django
Back to Top Additional Information Support Django! Kai Diefenbach donated to the
Django Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents
Design philosophies Overall Loose coupling Less code Quick development Don’t
repeat yourself (DRY) Explicit is better than implicit Consistency Models
Explicit is better than implicit Include all relevant domain logic Database API
SQL efficiency Terse, powerful syntax Option to drop into raw SQL easily, when
needed URL design Loose coupling Infinite flexibility Encourage best practices
Definitive URLs Template system Separate logic from presentation Discourage
redundancy Be decoupled from HTML XML should not be used for template languages
Assume designer competence Treat whitespace obviously Don’t invent a programming
language Safety and security Extensibility Views Simplicity Use request objects
Loose coupling Differentiate between GET and POST Cache Framework Less code
Consistency Extensibility Browse Prev: API stability Next: Third-party
distributions of Django Table of contents General Index Python Module Index You
are here: Django 6.0 documentation Meta-documentation and miscellany Design
philosophies
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41318 <<"chunk_id": 12, "docno": 6313>>

Django development. Donate today! Contents Database access optimization Profile
first Use standard DB optimization techniques Understand QuerySet s Understand
QuerySet evaluation Understand cached attributes Use the with template tag Use
iterator() Use explain() Do database work in the database rather than in Python
Use RawSQL Use raw SQL Retrieve individual objects using a unique, indexed
column Retrieve related objects efficiently Use the FETCH_PEERS fetch mode Use
QuerySet.select_related() and prefetch_related() Use prefetch_related_objects()
Don’t retrieve things you don’t need Use QuerySet.values() and values_list() Use
QuerySet.defer() and only() Use QuerySet.contains(obj) Use QuerySet.count() Use
QuerySet.exists() Don’t overuse contains() , count() , and exists() Use
QuerySet.update() and delete() Use foreign key values directly Don’t order
results if you don’t care Use bulk methods Create in bulk Update in bulk Insert
in bulk Remove in bulk Browse Prev: Tablespaces Next: Database instrumentation
Table of contents General Index Python Module Index You are here: Django dev
documentation Using Django Models and databases Database access optimization
Getting help FAQ Try the FAQ — it's got answers to many common questions. Index
, Module Index , or Table of Contents Handy when looking for specific
information. Django Discord Server Join the Django Discord Community. Official
Django Forum Join the community on the Django Forum. Ticket tracker Report bugs
with Django or Django documentation in our ticket tracker. Download: Offline
(development version): HTML | PDF | ePub Provided by Read the Docs . Diamond and
Platinum Members Sentry Monitor your Django Code Resolve performance bottlenecks
and errors using monitoring, replays, logs and Seer an AI agent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 14731 <<"chunk_id": 26, "docno": 1934>>

Site Request Forgery protection django-admin and manage.py Back to Top
Additional Information Support Django! Garage Door Nation donated to the Django
Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents
Databases General notes Persistent connections Connection management Caveats
Encoding PostgreSQL notes PostgreSQL connection settings Optimizing PostgreSQL’s
configuration Isolation level Role Connection pool Server-side parameters
binding Indexes for varchar and text columns Migration operation for adding
extensions Server-side cursors Transaction pooling and server-side cursors
Manually-specifying values of auto-incrementing primary keys Test database
templates Speeding up test execution with non-durable settings MariaDB notes
MySQL notes Version support Storage engines MySQL DB API Drivers mysqlclient
MySQL Connector/Python Time zone definitions Creating your database Collation
settings Connecting to the database Setting sql_mode Isolation level Creating
your tables Table names Savepoints Notes on specific fields Character fields
TextField limitations Fractional seconds support for Time and DateTime fields
TIMESTAMP columns Row locking with QuerySet.select_for_update() Automatic
typecasting can cause unexpected results SQLite notes Substring matching and
case sensitivity Decimal handling “Database is locked” errors Transactions
behavior QuerySet.select_for_update() not supported Isolation when using
QuerySet.iterator() Enabling JSON1 extension on SQLite Setting pragma options
Oracle notes Connecting to the database Full DSN and Easy Connect Connection
pool INSERT … RETURNING INTO Naming issues NULL and empty strings TextField
limitations Subclassing the built-in database backends Using a 3rd-party
database backend Browse Prev: Cross Site Request Forgery protection Next:
django-admin and manage.py Table of contents General Index Python Module Index
You are here: Django 6.0 documentation API Reference Databases Getting help FAQ
Try the FAQ — it's got
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41719 <<"chunk_id": 11, "docno": 6384>>

heavyweight applications. A key aim of the PyPy project is compatibility with
existing Python APIs and libraries. Django is compatible with versions of PyPy
corresponding to the supported Python versions, but you will need to check the
compatibility of other libraries you rely on. That said, a lot of a web
framework’s work is done by concatenating strings, and PyPy has an issue with
that (see this PyPy blog ). This may cause performance issues, depending on your
use. C implementations of Python libraries ¶ Some Python libraries are also
implemented in C, and can be much faster. They aim to offer the same APIs. Note
that compatibility issues and behavior differences are not unknown (and not
always immediately evident). Previous page and next page Security in Django
Serializing Django objects Back to Top Additional Information Support Django!
Mike Urbanski donated to the Django Software Foundation to support Django
development. Donate today! Contents Performance and optimization Introduction
General approaches What are you optimizing for ? Performance benchmarking Django
tools Third-party services Get things right from the start Work at the
appropriate level Caching The caching framework cached_property Understanding
laziness Laziness in Django Databases Database optimization Other
database-related tips HTTP performance Middleware ConditionalGetMiddleware
GZipMiddleware Sessions Using cached sessions Static files
ManifestStaticFilesStorage “Minification” Template performance The cached
template loader Using different versions of available software Newer is often -
but not always - better Alternatives to Django’s template language Alternative
software implementations PyPy C implementations of Python libraries Browse Prev:
Security in Django Next: Serializing Django objects Table
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41309 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 6313>>

when reading template code - the template system does not allow use of
parentheses, but will call callables automatically, hiding the above
distinction. Be careful with your own custom properties - it is up to you to
implement caching when required, for example using the cached_property
decorator. Use the with template tag ¶ To make use of the caching behavior of
QuerySet , you may need to use the with template tag. Use iterator() ¶ When you
have a lot of objects, the caching behavior of the QuerySet can cause a large
amount of memory to be used. In this case, iterator() may help. Use explain() ¶
QuerySet.explain() gives you detailed information about how the database
executes a query, including indexes and joins that are used. These details may
help you find queries that could be rewritten more efficiently, or identify
indexes that could be added to improve performance. Do database work in the
database rather than in Python ¶ For instance: At the most basic level, use
filter and exclude to do filtering in the database. Use F() expressions to
filter based on other fields within the same model. Use annotate to do
aggregation in the database . If these aren’t enough to generate the SQL you
need: Use RawSQL ¶ A less portable but more powerful method is the RawSQL
expression, which allows some SQL to be explicitly added to the query. If that
still isn’t powerful enough: Use raw SQL ¶ Write your own custom SQL to retrieve
data or populate models .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41616 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 6367>>

is not suitable for production. Django currently supports two interfaces: WSGI
and ASGI. WSGI is the main Python standard for communicating between web servers
and applications, but it only supports synchronous code. ASGI is the new,
asynchronous-friendly standard that will allow your Django site to use
asynchronous Python features, and asynchronous Django features as they are
developed. You should also consider how you will handle static files for your
application, and how to handle error reporting . Finally, before you deploy your
application to production, you should run through our deployment checklist to
ensure that your configurations are suitable. How to deploy with WSGI How to use
Django with Granian How to use Django with Gunicorn How to use Django with uWSGI
How to use Django with Apache and mod_wsgi How to authenticate against Django’s
user database from Apache The application object Configuring the settings module
Applying WSGI middleware How to deploy with ASGI How to use Django with Daphne
How to use Django with Granian How to use Django with Hypercorn How to use
Django with Uvicorn The application object Configuring the settings module
Applying ASGI middleware Deployment checklist Run manage.py check --deploy
Switch away from manage.py runserver Critical settings Environment-specific
settings HTTPS Performance optimizations Error reporting Previous page and next
page How to install Django on Windows How to deploy with WSGI Back to Top
Additional Information Support Django! Kay Beudeker donated to the Django
Software Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents How to
deploy Django Browse Prev: How to install Django
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 51627 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 8244>>

import connections >>> connections [ "my_db_alias" ] . queries If you need to
clear the query list manually at any point in your functions, call
reset_queries() , like this: from django.db import reset_queries reset_queries
() Can I use Django with a preexisting database? ¶ Yes. See Integrating with a
legacy database . If I make changes to a model, how do I update the database? ¶
Take a look at Django’s support for schema migrations . If you don’t mind
clearing data, your project’s manage.py utility has a flush option to reset the
database to the state it was in immediately after migrate was executed. Do
Django models support multiple-column primary keys? ¶ No. Only single-column
primary keys are supported. But this isn’t an issue in practice, because there’s
nothing stopping you from adding other constraints (using the unique_together
model option or creating the constraint directly in your database), and
enforcing the uniqueness at that level. Single-column primary keys are needed
for things such as the admin interface to work; e.g., you need a single value to
specify an object to edit or delete. Does Django support NoSQL databases? ¶
NoSQL databases are not officially supported by Django itself. There are,
however, a number of side projects and forks which allow NoSQL functionality in
Django. You can take a look on the wiki page which discusses some projects. How
do I add database-specific options to my CREATE TABLE statements, such as
specifying MyISAM as the table type? ¶ We try to avoid adding special cases in
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22447 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 2797>>

made explicit by a FOREIGN KEY constraint. Don’t worry about the DEFERRABLE
parts; it’s telling PostgreSQL to not enforce the foreign key until the end of
the transaction. It’s tailored to the database you’re using, so
database-specific field types such as auto_increment (MySQL), bigint PRIMARY KEY
GENERATED BY DEFAULT AS IDENTITY (PostgreSQL), or integer primary key
autoincrement (SQLite) are handled for you automatically. Same goes for the
quoting of field names – e.g., using double quotes or single quotes. The
sqlmigrate command doesn’t actually run the migration on your database -
instead, it prints it to the screen so that you can see what SQL Django thinks
is required. It’s useful for checking what Django is going to do or if you have
database administrators who require SQL scripts for changes. If you’re
interested, you can also run python manage.py check ; this checks for any
problems in your project without making migrations or touching the database.
Now, run migrate again to create those model tables in your database: /  $
python manage.py migrate Operations to perform: Apply all migrations: admin,
auth, contenttypes, polls, sessions Running migrations: Applying
polls.0001_initial... OK ...\> py manage.py migrate Operations to perform: Apply
all migrations: admin, auth, contenttypes, polls, sessions Running migrations:
Applying polls.0001_initial... OK The migrate command takes all the migrations
that haven’t been applied (Django tracks which ones are applied using a special
table in your database called django_migrations ) and runs them against your
database - essentially, synchronizing the changes you made to your models with
the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6348 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 828>>

a bug! What should I do? I think I’ve found a security problem! What should I
do? FAQ: Databases and models How can I see the raw SQL queries Django is
running? Can I use Django with a preexisting database? If I make changes to a
model, how do I update the database? Do Django models support multiple-column
primary keys? Does Django support NoSQL databases? How do I add
database-specific options to my CREATE TABLE statements, such as specifying
MyISAM as the table type? FAQ: The admin I can’t log in. When I enter a valid
username and password, it just brings up the login page again, with no error
messages. I can’t log in. When I enter a valid username and password, it brings
up the login page again, with a “Please enter a correct username and password”
error. How do I automatically set a field’s value to the user who last edited
the object in the admin? How do I limit admin access so that objects can only be
edited by the users who created them? My admin-site CSS and images showed up
fine using the development server, but they’re not displaying when using
mod_wsgi. My “list_filter” contains a ManyToManyField, but the filter doesn’t
display. Some objects aren’t appearing in the admin. How can I customize the
functionality of the admin interface? The dynamically-generated admin site is
ugly! How can I change it? What browsers are supported for using the admin? What
assistive technologies are supported for using the admin? FAQ: Contributing code
How
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 50854 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 8103>>

that would cause the required CSRF cookie to be sent. Solution: use
ensure_csrf_cookie() on the view that sends the page. CSRF protection in
reusable applications ¶ Because it is possible for the developer to turn off the
CsrfViewMiddleware , all relevant views in contrib apps use the csrf_protect
decorator to ensure the security of these applications against CSRF. It is
recommended that the developers of other reusable apps that want the same
guarantees also use the csrf_protect decorator on their views. Previous page and
next page How to use Django’s Content Security Policy How to write a custom
storage class Back to Top Additional Information Support Django! Abu Ashraf
Masnun donated to the Django Software Foundation to support Django development.
Donate today! Contents How to use Django’s CSRF protection Using CSRF protection
with AJAX Acquiring the token if CSRF_USE_SESSIONS and CSRF_COOKIE_HTTPONLY are
False Acquiring the token if CSRF_USE_SESSIONS or CSRF_COOKIE_HTTPONLY is True
Setting the token on the AJAX request Using CSRF protection in Jinja2 templates
Using the decorator method Handling rejected requests Using CSRF protection with
caching Testing and CSRF protection Edge cases Disabling CSRF protection for
just a few views Setting the token when CsrfViewMiddleware.process_view() is not
used Including the CSRF token in an unprotected view Protecting a view for only
one path Protecting a page that uses AJAX without an HTML form CSRF protection
in reusable applications Browse Prev: How to use Django’s Content Security
Policy Next: How to write a custom storage class Table of contents General Index
Python Module Index You are
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 14497 <<"chunk_id": 50, "docno": 1896>>

support Django development. Donate today! Contents Making queries Creating
objects Saving changes to objects Saving ForeignKey and ManyToManyField fields
Retrieving objects Retrieving all objects Retrieving specific objects with
filters Chaining filters Filtered QuerySet s are unique QuerySet s are lazy
Retrieving a single object with get() Other QuerySet methods Limiting QuerySet s
Field lookups Lookups that span relationships Spanning multi-valued
relationships Filters can reference fields on the model Expressions can
reference transforms The pk lookup shortcut Escaping percent signs and
underscores in LIKE statements Caching and QuerySet s When QuerySet s are not
cached Asynchronous queries Query iteration QuerySet and manager methods
Transactions Querying JSONField Storing and querying for None Key, index, and
path transforms KT() expressions Containment and key lookups contains
contained_by has_key has_keys has_any_keys Complex lookups with Q objects
Comparing objects Deleting objects Copying model instances Updating multiple
objects at once Related objects One-to-many relationships Forward Following
relationships “backward” Using a custom reverse manager Additional methods to
handle related objects Many-to-many relationships Filtering on many-to-many
relationships One-to-one relationships How are the backward relationships
possible? Queries over related objects Falling back to raw SQL Browse Prev:
Models Next: Aggregation Table of contents General Index Python Module Index You
are here: Django 6.0 documentation Using Django Models and databases Making
queries Getting help FAQ Try the FAQ — it's got answers to many common
questions. Index , Module Index , or Table of Contents Handy when looking for
specific information. Django Discord Server Join the Django Discord Community.
Official Django Forum Join the community on the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27802 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 4038>>

wish to return them in other cases, set them in your view. See RFC 9110 Section
9.3.4 to learn about the distinction between setting a validator header in
response to requests made with PUT versus POST . Comparison with middleware
conditional processing ¶ Django provides conditional GET handling via
django.middleware.http.ConditionalGetMiddleware . While being suitable for many
situations, the middleware has limitations for advanced usage: It’s applied
globally to all views in your project. It doesn’t save you from generating the
response, which may be expensive. It’s only appropriate for HTTP GET requests.
You should choose the most appropriate tool for your particular problem here. If
you have a way to compute ETags and modification times quickly and if some view
takes a while to generate the content, you should consider using the condition
decorator described in this document. If everything already runs fairly quickly,
stick to using the middleware and the amount of network traffic sent back to the
clients will still be reduced if the view hasn’t changed. Previous page and next
page Django’s cache framework Composite primary keys Back to Top Additional
Information Support Django! Ken Whitesell donated to the Django Software
Foundation to support Django development. Donate today! Contents Conditional
View Processing The condition decorator Shortcuts for only computing one value
Use condition when testing both conditions Using the decorators with other HTTP
methods Comparison with middleware conditional processing Browse Prev: Django’s
cache framework Next: Composite primary keys Table of contents General Index
Python Module Index You are here: Django 6.0 documentation Using
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41311 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 6313>>

efficient. Retrieve related objects efficiently ¶ Generally, accessing the
database multiple times to retrieve different parts of a single “set” of data is
less efficient than retrieving it all in one query. This is particularly
important if you have a query that is executed in a loop, and could therefore
end up doing many database queries, when only one is needed. Below are some
techniques to combine queries for efficiency. Use the FETCH_PEERS fetch mode ¶
Use the FETCH_PEERS fetch mode to make on-demand field access more efficient
with bulk-fetching. Enable it for all usage of your models with a custom manager
. Using this fetch mode is easier than declaring fields to fetch with
select_related() or prefetch_related() , especially when it’s hard to predict
which fields will be accessed. Use QuerySet.select_related() and
prefetch_related() ¶ When the FETCH_PEERS fetch mode is not appropriate or
efficient enough, use select_related() and prefetch_related() . Understand their
documentation thoroughly and apply them where needed. It may be useful to apply
these methods in managers and default managers . Be aware when your manager is
and is not used; for example, related object access uses the base manager rather
than the default manager. Use prefetch_related_objects() ¶ Where
prefetch_related would be useful after the queryset has been evaluated, use
prefetch_related_objects() to execute an extra prefetch. Don’t retrieve things
you don’t need ¶ Use QuerySet.values() and values_list() ¶ When you only want a
dict or list of values, and don’t need ORM model objects, make appropriate usage
of values() . These can be
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3293 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 459>>

the login page again, with a “Please enter a correct username and password”
error. How do I automatically set a field’s value to the user who last edited
the object in the admin? How do I limit admin access so that objects can only be
edited by the users who created them? My admin-site CSS and images showed up
fine using the development server, but they’re not displaying when using
mod_wsgi. My “list_filter” contains a ManyToManyField, but the filter doesn’t
display. Some objects aren’t appearing in the admin. How can I customize the
functionality of the admin interface? The dynamically-generated admin site is
ugly! How can I change it? What browsers are supported for using the admin? What
assistive technologies are supported for using the admin? FAQ: Contributing code
How can I get started contributing code to Django? I submitted a bug fix several
weeks ago. Why are you ignoring my contribution? When and how might I remind the
team of a change I care about? But I’ve reminded you several times and you keep
ignoring my contribution! I’m sure my ticket is absolutely 100% perfect, can I
mark it as “Ready For Checkin” myself? Troubleshooting Problems running
django-admin Miscellaneous Previous page and next page How to customize the
shell command FAQ: General Back to Top Additional Information Support Django!
Sunny Vercett donated to the Django Software Foundation to support Django
development. Donate today! Contents Django FAQ Browse Prev: How to customize the
shell command Next: FAQ: General Table of contents General Index Python Module
Index
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
