Index: 3170 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 454>>

large data (e.g., files, network requests…). This is where Node.js streams come
in. Streams offer a fundamentally different approach, allowing you to process
data incrementally and optimize memory usage. By handling data in manageable
chunks, streams empower you to build scalable applications that can efficiently
tackle even the most daunting datasets. As popularly quoted, “streams are arrays
over time.” In this guide, we give an overview of the Stream concept, history,
and API as well as some recommendations on how to use and operate them. What are
Node.js Streams? Node.js streams offer a powerful abstraction for managing data
flow in your applications. They excel at processing large datasets, such as
reading or writing from files and network requests, without compromising
performance. This approach differs from loading the entire dataset into memory
at once. Streams process data in chunks, significantly reducing memory usage.
All streams in Node.js inherit from the EventEmitter class, allowing them to
emit events at various stages of data processing. These streams can be readable,
writable, or both, providing flexibility for different data-handling scenarios.
Event-Driven Architecture Node.js thrives on an event-driven architecture,
making it ideal for real-time I/O. This means consuming input as soon as it's
available and sending output as soon as the application generates it. Streams
seamlessly integrate with this approach, enabling continuous data processing.
They achieve this by emitting events at key stages. These events include signals
for received data ( data event) and the stream's completion ( end event).
Developers can listen to these events and execute custom logic accordingly.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3171 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 454>>

signals for received data ( data event) and the stream's completion ( end
event). Developers can listen to these events and execute custom logic
accordingly. This event-driven nature makes streams highly efficient for the
processing of data from external sources. Why use Streams? Streams provide three
key advantages over other data-handling methods: Memory Efficiency : Streams
process data incrementally, consuming and processing data in chunks rather than
loading the entire dataset into memory. This is a major advantage when dealing
with large datasets, as it significantly reduces memory usage and prevents
memory-related performance issues. Improved Response Time : Streams allow for
immediate data processing. When a chunk of data arrives, it can be processed
without waiting for the entire payload or dataset to be received. This reduces
latency and improves your application's overall responsiveness. Scalability for
Real-Time Processing : By handling data in chunks, Node.js streams can
efficiently handle large amounts of data with limited resources. This
scalability makes streams ideal for applications that process high volumes of
data in real time. These advantages make streams a powerful tool for building
high-performance, scalable Node.js applications, particularly when working with
large datasets or real-time data processing. Note on performance If your
application already has all the data readily available in memory, using streams
might add unnecessary overhead, complexity, and slow down your application.
Stream history This section is a reference of the history of streams in Node.js.
Unless you’re working with a codebase written for a Node.js version prior to
0.11.5 (2013), you will rarely encounter older
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3919 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 530>>

Publishing a TypeScript package Modules How to use streams Backpressuring in
Streams Publishing a package How to publish a Node-API package ABI Stability
Diagnostics User Journey Memory Overview Understanding and Tuning Memory Using
Heap Profiler Using Heap Snapshot Tracing garbage collection Live Debugging
Overview Using Inspector Poor Performance Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs
Test Runner Discovering Node.js's test runner Using Node.js's test runner
Mocking in tests Collecting code coverage in Node.js Node-API What is Node-API?
Getting Started Overview Pre-requisites Tools Anatomy of a Node-API project Your
First Project Object Wrap Migrating to Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp
CMake.js node-pre-gyp Special Topics Overview Context Awareness Object and
Function References AsyncWorker Thread-Safe Functions On this page Persistent
Reference Weak Reference ObjectReference FunctionReference Example
src/native-addon.h src/native-addon.cc src/binding.cc index.js Object and
Function References JavaScript implements a dynamic memory model. When objects
are no longer reachable, they become eligible for reclamation by the garbage
collector running in the background. There are situations when you need to
ensure that objects created by your Node-API code remain allocated. In this case
you need to explicitly create a reference to them. This is the purpose of the
ObjectReference and FunctionReference classes. Persistent Reference Object and
function references can be instantiated as either Weak or Persistent . A
Persistent reference initializes the internal reference count to one which
prevents reclamation of the object's memory by the garbage collector. The
referenced object will remain in memory for the life of the Persistent
reference. Using a Persistent reference makes sense in the case where the
duration
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3169 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 454>>

Publishing a TypeScript package Modules How to use streams Backpressuring in
Streams Publishing a package How to publish a Node-API package ABI Stability
Diagnostics User Journey Memory Overview Understanding and Tuning Memory Using
Heap Profiler Using Heap Snapshot Tracing garbage collection Live Debugging
Overview Using Inspector Poor Performance Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs
Test Runner Discovering Node.js's test runner Using Node.js's test runner
Mocking in tests Collecting code coverage in Node.js Node-API What is Node-API?
Getting Started Overview Pre-requisites Tools Anatomy of a Node-API project Your
First Project Object Wrap Migrating to Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp
CMake.js node-pre-gyp Special Topics Overview Context Awareness Object and
Function References AsyncWorker Thread-Safe Functions On this page What are
Node.js Streams? Event-Driven Architecture Why use Streams? Note on performance
Stream history Streams 0 Streams 1 (Classic) Streams 2 Streams 3 Stream types
Readable Writable Duplex Transform How to operate with streams .pipe() pipeline
Async Iterators Object mode Backpressure Streams vs Web streams Interoperability
of streams and Web Streams How To Use Streams Working with large amounts of data
in Node.js applications can be a double-edged sword. The ability to handle
massive amounts of data is extremely handy but can also lead to performance
bottlenecks and memory exhaustion. Traditionally, developers tackled this
challenge by reading the entire dataset into memory at once. This approach,
while intuitive for smaller datasets, becomes inefficient and resource-intensive
for large data (e.g., files, network requests…). This is where Node.js streams
come in. Streams offer a fundamentally different approach, allowing you to
process data incrementally
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4795 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 668>>

TypeScript package Modules How to use streams Backpressuring in Streams
Publishing a package How to publish a Node-API package ABI Stability Diagnostics
User Journey Memory Overview Understanding and Tuning Memory Using Heap Profiler
Using Heap Snapshot Tracing garbage collection Live Debugging Overview Using
Inspector Poor Performance Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs Test Runner
Discovering Node.js's test runner Using Node.js's test runner Mocking in tests
Collecting code coverage in Node.js Node-API What is Node-API? Getting Started
Overview Pre-requisites Tools Anatomy of a Node-API project Your First Project
Object Wrap Migrating to Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp CMake.js
node-pre-gyp Special Topics Overview Context Awareness Object and Function
References AsyncWorker Thread-Safe Functions On this page Setup Running with
garbage collection traces --trace-gc Scavenge Mark-sweep --trace-gc Memory leak
How to get the context of bad allocations Slowness Fix the leak Trace garbage
collection programmatically Using v8 module Using performance hooks Examining a
trace with performance hooks Tracing garbage collection This guide will go
through the fundamentals of garbage collection traces. By the end of this guide,
you'll be able to: Enable traces in your Node.js application Interpret traces
Identify potential memory issues in your Node.js application There's a lot to
learn about how the garbage collector works, but if you learn one thing it's
that when GC is running, your code is not. You may want to know how often and
long the garbage collection runs, and what is the outcome. Setup For the purpose
of this guide, we'll use this script: // script.mjs import os from ' node:os
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 35987 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 5045>>

cache or don’t learn about it in the first place. They update an entity using
SQL and fail to load the updated state using JPA, because JPA always returns the
already loaded entity. They edit an entity in memory and are surprised that it
gets saved to the database, although they never called a method to do that. They
edit an entity in memory and want to compare it to its state in the database and
again are surprised that they keep getting the already changed version. They run
large batches and are surprised that their entities are not garbage collected,
resulting in huge memory footprint, bad performance and possibly out of memory
exceptions. The separation of concerns in Spring Data JDBC makes things way more
transparent. An entity gets saved to the database when you call save() on the
respective repository. And it gets loaded from the database when you call a
method that returns one or more entities from a repository. What if I still want
caching? Without a doubt there are situations where caching is the right thing
to do. Whenever you have data that you read a lot but that isn’t changing as
fast, caching is a reasonable option. And since caching is not part of Spring
Data JDBC and Spring Data JDBC repositories are just Spring Beans, you can
combine it with any caching solution you like. The obvious choice is of course,
Springs Caching abstraction behind which you can put any caching solution. It’s
almost too simple to be true.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22159 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 2739>>

is a basic principle that high traffic/volume pathways require more efficient
throughput or you incur risk of bottlenecks in your distribution. One exercise
is to rank these in terms of traffic or as a heat map. Next, can you classify
your traffic - are there overarching patterns, topics or similar message types,
and what are the relationships? Now start to consider consolidation, how and
where might efficiency be improved, and apply tested patterns that resolve those
heat points, decouple for scale, and increase performance. General Routing
Considerations All exchange types behave differently. Here are a few general
rules: If you have a finite domain of routing keys in an application's graph
then many fanout exchanges might be the right fit (1:1 mapping of exchange per
routing key) If you have a potentially infinite number of routing keys, consider
topic exchanges For topic routing, performance decreases as the number of
bindings increase Fanout exchanges are very fast because they have no routing to
process yet if bound to a large number of queues that changes Direct exchanges
are a faster form of topic exchanges, provided you do not need the wild card
Troubleshooting problems across 100,000+ queues could be tedious versus a
topology with more bindings, fewer exchanges and queues A very high number of
exchanges and queues take up more memory which may be significant but this
really depends As of RabbitMQ 2.4.0, released March 23, 2011, a new topic
routing algorithm optimization is available that is 60 times faster at peak than
the previous topic
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 46971 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 7360>>

the other in a single thread takes 1000ms, we might see a processing time of
250ms for a single incoming request at our HTTP service. We should emphasise the
"might" though: it’s only going to go that fast if there is no contention for
the processing threads (in both stages, the Tomcat workers, and the application
scheduler). If you have a server with a large number of cores, very low
concurrency, i.e. a small number of clients connecting to your application, and
hardly any chance that two will make a request at the same time, then you will
probably see close to the theoretical improvement. As soon as there are multiple
clients trying to connect, they will all be competing for the same 4 threads,
and the latency will drift up, and could even be worse than that experienced by
a single client with no background processing. We can improve the latency for
concurrent clients by creating the scheduler with a larger thread pool, e.g.
private Scheduler scheduler = Schedulers.newParallel("sub", 16); (16 threads.)
Now we are using more memory for the threads and their stacks, and we can expect
to see lower latency for low concurrency, but not necessarily for high
concurrency if our hardware has fewer than 16 cores. We also do not expect
higher throughput under load: if there is contention for the threads, there is a
high cost for managing those resources and that has to be reflected somwehere in
a metric that matters. If you are interested in more detailed analysis of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56008 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 9118>>

threads has been introduced, which is the VirtualThreadTaskExecutor . This
TaskExecutor can be used in Spring Batch wherever a TaskExecutor is required.
The following example shows how to configure a multi-threaded step using virtual
threads: @Bean public VirtualThreadTaskExecutor taskExecutor() { return new
VirtualThreadTaskExecutor("spring-batch-"); } @Bean public Step
step(JobRepository jobRepository, PlatformTransactionManager transactionManager,
ItemReader<Integer> itemReader, ItemWriter<Integer> itemWriter,
VirtualThreadTaskExecutor taskExecutor) { return new StepBuilder("step",
jobRepository).<Integer, Integer>chunk(2, transactionManager)
.reader(itemReader) .writer(itemWriter) .taskExecutor(taskExecutor) .build(); }
Memory management improvement in the JpaItemWriter When using the JpaItemWriter
, the JPA persistence context can quickly grow when the chunk size is large
enough. This might lead to OutOfMemoryError errors if not cleared appropriately
in a timely manner. In this milestone release, a new option named
clearPersistenceContext has been introduced in the JpaItemWriter to clear the
persistence context after writing each chunk of items. This option improves the
memory management of chunk-oriented steps dealing with large amounts of data and
configured with a big chunk size. New synchronized decorators for item readers
and writers Up to version 5.0, Spring Batch provided two decorators
SynchronizedItemStreamReader and SynchronizedItemStreamWriter to synchronize
thread access to ItemStreamReader#read and ItemStreamWriter#write . Those
decorators are useful when using non thread-safe item streams in multi-threaded
steps. While those decorators work with ItemStream implementations, they are not
usable with non-item streams. For example, those decorators cannot be used to
synchronize access to ListItemReader#read or KafkaItemWriter#write . For users
convenience, this release introduces new decorators for non-item streams as
well. With this new feature, all item readers and writers in Spring Batch can
now be synchronized
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 30561 <<"chunk_id": 1797, "docno": 4202>>

is so that unexpected 'error' events (due to incorrect stream implementations)
do not cause unexpected crashes. If this is unwanted behavior then
options.cleanup should be set to true : await finished (rs , { cleanup : true }
) ; mjs copy Object mode # All streams created by Node.js APIs operate
exclusively on strings, <Buffer> , <TypedArray> and <DataView> objects: Strings
and Buffers are the most common types used with streams. TypedArray and DataView
lets you handle binary data with types like Int32Array or Uint8Array . When you
write a TypedArray or DataView to a stream, Node.js processes the raw bytes. It
is possible, however, for stream implementations to work with other types of
JavaScript values (with the exception of null , which serves a special purpose
within streams). Such streams are considered to operate in "object mode". Stream
instances are switched into object mode using the objectMode option when the
stream is created. Attempting to switch an existing stream into object mode is
not safe. Buffering # Both Writable and Readable streams will store data in an
internal buffer. The amount of data potentially buffered depends on the
highWaterMark option passed into the stream's constructor. For normal streams,
the highWaterMark option specifies a total number of bytes . For streams
operating in object mode, the highWaterMark specifies a total number of objects.
For streams operating on (but not decoding) strings, the highWaterMark specifies
a total number of UTF-16 code units. Data is buffered in Readable streams when
the implementation calls stream.push(chunk) . If the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6120 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 797>>

title: How to optimize memory usage description: Optimize memory used by your
application in development and production. url:
"https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/memory-usage" docs_index: /docs/llms.txt
version: 16.3.0 lastUpdated: 2026-04-28 prerequisites: - "Guides:
/docs/app/guides" For an index of all Next.js documentation, see /docs/llms.txt
. As applications grow and become more feature rich, they can demand more
resources when developing locally or creating production builds. Let's explore
some strategies and techniques to optimize memory and address common memory
issues in Next.js. Reduce number of dependencies Applications with a large
amount of dependencies will use more memory. The Bundle Analyzer can help you
investigate large dependencies in your application that may be able to be
removed to improve performance and memory usage. Try
experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations Starting in v15.0.0 , you can add
experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations: true to your next.config.js file to
change behavior in Webpack that reduces max memory usage but may increase
compilation times by a slight amount. Good to know : This feature is currently
experimental to test on more projects first, but it is considered to be
low-risk. Run next build with --experimental-debug-memory-usage Starting in
14.2.0 , you can run next build --experimental-debug-memory-usage to run the
build in a mode where Next.js will print out information about memory usage
continuously throughout the build, such as heap usage and garbage collection
statistics. Heap snapshots will also be taken automatically when memory usage
gets close to the configured limit. Good to know : This feature is not
compatible with the Webpack build worker option which is auto-enabled unless you
have custom webpack config. Record a
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 26718 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 3801>>

to stop expanding! Dysprosium-M1 is available on our milestone repository . It
is paving the way for more changes in the work. It's worth noting that 2
features are being deprecated, and evaluated for removal at the end of the
milestone phase : EventLoopProcessor => TopicProcessor , WorkQueueProcessor and
WaitStrategy : The processors have been moved to reactor-extra for optional use.
They require the availability of Unsafe , making them rather niche given modern
JVM restrictions. Not only they can be found elsewhere but they can also be
replaced by equivalent constructs like EmitterProcessor with publishOn and
ParallelFlux with runOn . Kotlin extensions are being given a dedicated space
for further experimentation. With the latest developments around coroutines and
inlining , we are excited to evaluate how we can leverage Kotlin to provide a
smoother developer experience. One of the goals we have set to this experiment
is to provide a dedicated API that will enable writing custom producers and
operators with the conciseness of Kotlin. Even with these changes we do not
anticipate major pains for our community, but we'd like to have your opinion.
Change logs and release notes: reactor-core 3.3.0.M1 reactor-netty 0.9.0.M1
reactor-addons 3.3.0.M1 BlockHound 1.0.0.M3 Runtime performances We are working
hard at improving the overall experience for our users and upgrading our runtime
efficiency across the board: reactor-netty 0.9.0.M1/0.8.8 has seen a 40%
throughput improvement for request/reply (HTTP) scenarios and at least 20%
increase for streaming scenarios. More importantly, memory management has been
tightened to control some reported memory issues and the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3184 <<"chunk_id": 16, "docno": 454>>

version, which doesn’t accept a callback but instead returns a promise that is
rejected if the pipeline fails. Async Iterators Async iterators are recommended
as the standard way of interfacing with the Streams API. Compared to all the
stream primitives in both the Web and Node.js, async iterators are easier to
understand and use, contributing to fewer bugs and more maintainable code. In
recent versions of Node.js, async iterators have emerged as a more elegant and
readable way to interact with streams. Building upon the foundation of events,
async iterators provide a higher-level abstraction that simplifies stream
consumption. In Node.js, all readable streams are asynchronous iterables. This
means you can use the for await...of syntax to loop through the stream's data as
it becomes available, handling each piece of data with the efficiency and
simplicity of asynchronous code. Benefits of Using Async Iterators with Streams
Using async iterators with streams simplifies the handling of asynchronous data
flows in several ways: Enhanced Readability : The code structure is cleaner and
more readable, particularly when dealing with multiple asynchronous data
sources. Error Handling : Async iterators allow straightforward error handling
using try/catch blocks, akin to regular asynchronous functions. Flow Control :
They inherently manage backpressure, as the consumer controls the flow by
awaiting the next piece of data, allowing for more efficient memory usage and
processing. Async iterators offer a more modern and often more readable way to
work with readable streams, especially when dealing with asynchronous data
sources or when you prefer a more sequential, loop-based approach
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 13265 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 1778>>

code updates with Fast Refresh on large Next.js apps like vercel.com . Advanced
Tracing As Next.js has grown in adoption over the years, we've found it
increasingly hard to reproduce reported issues on GitHub, especially related to
compiler performance and memory usage. This is because most people can't share
their application code, or when they share the code, the application can't run
because it requires a database or other setup. To begin to address this, we
added tracing to the internals of Next.js. These traces are written to a file in
the .next folder and do not include application code — only the file path, the
time the compiler took on it, and other timings like individual transforms.
However, with webpack, we never had a good way to clearly distinguish memory
usage of the compiler from memory usage of framework or application code, as
they all run in the same Node.js instance. With Turbopack, we were able to
design with instrumentation from the beginning. We implemented an
instrumentation layer in Turbo Engine that allows for collecting timings of each
individual function. We were able to extend these traces to also keep track of
the memory allocation, deallocation, and persisted memory across every function.
This new, advanced tracing gives us all the information needed to investigate
slowdowns and memory usage deeply; it only requires a trace instead of a full
codebase. In order to process these new traces, we've implemented a custom trace
viewer that stays performant regardless of application and trace size. It's a
trace viewer
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 19090 <<"chunk_id": 358, "docno": 2483>>

Helpful Links * [MDX](https://mdxjs.com) *
[`@next/mdx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@next/mdx) *
[remark](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark) *
[rehype](https://github.com/rehypejs/rehype) *
[Markdoc](https://markdoc.dev/docs/nextjs) --- title: Memory Usage description:
Optimize memory used by your application in development and production. url:
"https://nextjs.org/docs/app/guides/memory-usage" version: 16.3.0 --- # Memory
Usage As applications grow and become more feature rich, they can demand more
resources when developing locally or creating production builds. Let's explore
some strategies and techniques to optimize memory and address common memory
issues in Next.js. ## Reduce number of dependencies Applications with a large
amount of dependencies will use more memory. The [Bundle
Analyzer](/docs/app/guides/package-bundling) can help you investigate large
dependencies in your application that may be able to be removed to improve
performance and memory usage. ## Try `experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations`
Starting in `v15.0.0`, you can add `experimental.webpackMemoryOptimizations:
true` to your `next.config.js` file to change behavior in Webpack that reduces
max memory usage but may increase compilation times by a slight amount. > **Good
to know**: This feature is currently experimental to test on more projects
first, but it is considered to be low-risk. ## Run `next build` with
`--experimental-debug-memory-usage` Starting in `14.2.0`, you can run `next
build --experimental-debug-memory-usage` to run the build in a mode where
Next.js will print out information about memory usage continuously throughout
the build, such as heap usage and garbage collection statistics. Heap snapshots
will also be taken automatically when memory usage gets close to the configured
limit. > **Good to know**: This feature is not compatible with the Webpack build
worker option which is auto-enabled unless you have custom webpack config. ##
Record a heap profile
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1470 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 216>>

to use streams Backpressuring in Streams Publishing a package How to publish a
Node-API package ABI Stability Diagnostics User Journey Memory Overview
Understanding and Tuning Memory Using Heap Profiler Using Heap Snapshot Tracing
garbage collection Live Debugging Overview Using Inspector Poor Performance
Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs Test Runner Discovering Node.js's test
runner Using Node.js's test runner Mocking in tests Collecting code coverage in
Node.js Node-API What is Node-API? Getting Started Overview Pre-requisites Tools
Anatomy of a Node-API project Your First Project Object Wrap Migrating to
Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp CMake.js node-pre-gyp Special Topics
Overview Context Awareness Object and Function References AsyncWorker
Thread-Safe Functions On this page My process runs out of memory Symptoms Side
Effects My process utilizes memory inefficiently Symptoms Side Effects Debugging
Memory In this document you can learn about how to debug memory related issues.
My process runs out of memory Node.js (JavaScript) is a garbage collected
language, so having memory leaks is possible through retainers. As Node.js
applications are usually multi-tenant, business critical, and long-running,
providing an accessible and efficient way of finding a memory leak is essential.
You can also fine-tune memory to get specific results. Check out Understanding
and Tuning Memory for more details. Symptoms The user observes continuously
increasing memory usage (can be fast or slow, over days or even weeks) then sees
the process crashing and restarting by the process manager. The process is maybe
running slower than before and the restarts cause some requests to fail (load
balancer responds with 502) . Side Effects
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3747 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 505>>

Security Considerations — Flask Documentation (3.1.x) Navigation index modules |
next | previous | Flask Documentation (3.1.x) » Security Considerations Security
Considerations ¶ Web applications face many types of potential security
problems, and it can be hard to get everything right, or even to know what
“right” is in general. Flask tries to solve a few of these things by default,
but there are other parts you may have to take care of yourself. Many of these
solutions are tradeoffs, and will depend on each application’s specific needs
and threat model. Many hosting platforms may take care of certain types of
problems without the need for the Flask application to handle them. Resource Use
¶ A common category of attacks is “Denial of Service” (DoS or DDoS). This is a
very broad category, and different variants target different layers in a
deployed application. In general, something is done to increase how much
processing time or memory is used to handle each request, to the point where
there are not enough resources to handle legitimate requests. Flask provides a
few configuration options to handle resource use. They can also be set on
individual requests to customize only that request. The documentation for each
goes into more detail. MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH or Request.max_content_length controls
how much data will be read from a request. It is not set by default, although it
will still block truly unlimited streams unless the WSGI server indicates
support. MAX_FORM_MEMORY_SIZE or Request.max_form_memory_size controls how large
any non-file multipart/form-data field can be. It is set to 500kB
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 43235 <<"chunk_id": 20, "docno": 6696>>

service. CVE-2019-9515 “Settings Flood” : The attacker sends a stream of
SETTINGS frames to the peer. Since the RFC requires that the peer reply with one
acknowledgement per SETTINGS frame, an empty SETTINGS frame is almost equivalent
in behavior to a ping. Depending on how efficiently this data is queued, this
can consume excess CPU, memory, or both, potentially leading to a denial of
service. CVE-2019-9516 “0-Length Headers Leak” : The attacker sends a stream of
headers with a 0-length header name and 0-length header value, optionally
Huffman encoded into 1-byte or greater headers. Some implementations allocate
memory for these headers and keep the allocation alive until the session dies.
This can consume excess memory, potentially leading to a denial of service.
CVE-2019-9517 “Internal Data Buffering” : The attacker opens the HTTP/2 window
so the peer can send without constraint; however, they leave the TCP window
closed so the peer cannot actually write (many of) the bytes on the wire. The
attacker then sends a stream of requests for a large response object. Depending
on how the servers queue the responses, this can consume excess memory, CPU, or
both, potentially leading to a denial of service. CVE-2019-9518 “Empty Frames
Flood” : The attacker sends a stream of frames with an empty payload and without
the end-of-stream flag. These frames can be DATA, HEADERS, CONTINUATION and/or
PUSH_PROMISE. The peer spends time processing each frame disproportionate to
attack bandwidth. This can consume excess CPU, potentially leading to a denial
of service. (Discovered by Piotr Sikora of Google) Notable
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56145 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 9133>>

at any point in time some key metrics, including: What jobs are currently
running? Which jobs have failed, if any? Other questions about how things are
going. Being able to have these KPIs at a glance on a dashboard is vital for
efficient operations. 5. Scalability We are dealing with an unprecedented
amounts of data, which is impossible to handle on a single machine any more.
Correctly processing large volumes of distributed data is probably the most
challenging point. Cloud-native batch applications should be scalable by design.
All these aspects should be taken into consideration when designing and
developing cloud-native batch applications. This is a considerable amount of
work on the developer's side. Spring Batch takes care of most of these issues. I
explain the details in the next section. How does Spring Batch Make a Batch
Developer's Life easier? Spring Batch is the de facto batch processing framework
on the JVM. Entire books have been written on the rich feature set provided by
Spring Batch, but I would like to highlight the most relevant features that
address the previously mentioned challenges in the context of cloud-native
development: 1. Fault Tolerance Spring Batch provides fault-tolerance features,
such as transaction management and skip and retry mechanisms, which are useful
when batch jobs interact with flaky services in a cloud environment. 2.
Robustness Spring Batch uses a centralized transactional job repository, which
prevents duplicate job executions. By design, human errors and platform
limitations that may lead to running the same job twice are impossible. 3. Cost
Efficiency Spring
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2421 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 352>>

ensure a smooth flow of data from one source to another. Different communities
have resolved this issue uniquely to their programs, Unix pipes and TCP sockets
are good examples of this, and are often referred to as flow control . In
Node.js, streams have been the adopted solution. The purpose of this guide is to
further detail what backpressure is, and how exactly streams address this in
Node.js' source code. The second part of the guide will introduce suggested best
practices to ensure your application's code is safe and optimized when
implementing streams. We assume a little familiarity with the general definition
of backpressure , Buffer , and EventEmitters in Node.js, as well as some
experience with Stream . If you haven't read through those docs, it's not a bad
idea to take a look at the API documentation first, as it will help expand your
understanding while reading this guide. The Problem with Data Handling In a
computer system, data is transferred from one process to another through pipes,
sockets, and signals. In Node.js, we find a similar mechanism called Stream .
Streams are great! They do so much for Node.js and almost every part of the
internal codebase utilizes that module. As a developer, you are more than
encouraged to use them too! CJS ESM const readline = require ( ' node:readline '
) ; // process.stdin and process.stdout are both instances of Streams. const rl
= readline . createInterface ( { input : process . stdin , output : process .
stdout ,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
