Index: 43588 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 6732>>

JSON (Jackson) and XML (JAXB), a reactive web framework that supports the
@Controller programming model, and a reactive WebClient . It becomes easy to
support input and output streaming scenarios for microservices, scatter/gather,
data ingestion, and so on. Below is a controller that obtains and streams data
from a remote server in a completely non-blocking and reactive manner:
@GetMapping("/accounts/{id}/alerts") public Flux<Alert>
getAccountAlerts(@PathVariable Long id) { return this.repository.getAccount(id)
.flatMap(account -> this.webClient .perform(get("/alerts/{key}",
account.getKey())) .extract(bodyStream(Alert.class))); } What is the reactive
stack that supports this? Spring Web Reactive lives in the new
spring-web-reactive module next to the existing (and popular!) Spring Web MVC
that lives in the spring-webmvc module. The two modules share many algorithms
and mechanisms but cannot actually share any code. This is because Spring Web
Reactive runs on a Reactive Streams HTTP adapter layer that's fully non-blocking
and reactive all the way down to the HTTP runtime. So while Spring MVC is built
for and runs on Servlet containers, Spring Web Reactive runs also on non-Servlet
runtimes such as on Netty and Undertow Spring Web Reactive vs Spring Web MVC How
does the Spring Framework team view these two frameworks you might wonder at
this point and what do we recommend that you use? First and foremost we aim for
the greatest possible consistency within reason. There is nothing fundamentally
incompatible between the @Controller programming model and the reactive ways.
It's all about what happens underneath to support that model so on the surface
there is no difference except for the full support for reactive types
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 52741 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 8447>>

lets start with a little 1.0 history. A Little 1.0 History... In Spring Web Flow
1.0, the SWF controller engine cared for one half of the web request lifecycle;
the half related to request processing, often called the action phase . The
other half, the render phase , was pushed off on the caller: either Spring MVC,
Struts, or JSF front controllers. This can be shown in the SWF 1.0 architectural
diagram below: The primary benefit of this architecture is it makes it natural
to introduce Spring Web Flow onto existing projects. Whether you are using
Struts, Spring MVC, or JSF, you can plug Web Flow in to handle your more complex
user interactions, and use plain controllers for the rest. The downside of this
approach is it makes it difficult to apply application control logic during the
view rendering phase of the request lifecycle without resulting to front
controller specific adapters. Consider, for example, the desire for a
flow-managed persistence context. Such a context should be allocated when a new
flow execution begins, de-allocated when it ends, and disconnected after
intermediate view renderings while we wait for the user to continue. If view
rendering is not under the flow's control, how do you issue the disconnect
callback at the right time? Similar problems exist in the areas of exception
handling, concurrency management, and security. Another downside of the SWF 1.x
approach is it requires duplication of effort to "fit" Web Flow in to some
environments, particularly a JSF FacesServlet. In the JSF case, both Web
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56746 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 9212>>

taken seriously is going to require supporting "multiple deployment
environments". In other words, this particular topic often gets distorted as if
it applies only to multiple production environments. In reality, having to
deploy to an Application Server during each development and testing cycle is a
major obstacle to agility. Typically Spring users will modularize their
configuration such that "infrastructure" configuration (e.g. DataSource,
TransactionManager, JMS ConnectionFactory) is separate and dynamic properties
are externalized. Since Spring provides support for replacing '${placeholders}'
based on the externalized properties, the inclusion of different properties
files typically becomes a transparent concern. 3. EJB with JPA, Spring with
Hibernate I must admit this one bothered me the most. In the comparison slides,
the EJB 3 examples showed JPA with data-access via entityManager and the
entityManager instance being provided with the @PersistenceContext annotation.
On the other hand, the Spring examples used Hibernate and showed setter
injection of the Hibernate SessionFactory. In my mind, this violates the first
rule of a bona-fide "comparative analysis": use the most similar feature
available on both sides of the comparison. In this particular case, Spring does
provide support for using the JPA API directly (i.e. JpaTemplate is completely
optional; direct usage of the 'entityManager' still participates in Spring
transactions, etc), and Spring also recognizes the @PersistenceContext
annotation. This support has been available since Spring 2.0 (final release was
more than a year ago), so I don't understand why the comparison does not use JPA
on the Spring side as well. Other parts of the comparison were clearly based on
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 33346 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 4412>>

within the source: composed-source | sink As always, there is no right answer
here. There are always trade-offs to consider: Function composition results in
less deployments. This reduces cost, latency, operational complexity, and so on.
Individual deployments are loosely coupled and can scale independently. The
message broker provides guaranteed delivery. When a simple stateless application
goes down and is restarted, it can continue where it left off, processing the
pending results of the previous processing step. A single application that
performs complex processing is harder to reason about and keeps intermediate
processing results in memory, or possibly in an interim data store. When a
stateful application fails, it can lead to inconsistent state, making recovery
harder. If these trade-offs look familiar, it’s because they are pretty much the
same as any microservice vs monolith debate. In the end, do what works best for
you. Function Composition with Prepackaged Source Applications In some cases,
function composition is a no-brainer. From the start, we have provided
pre-packaged processors to perform simple transformations, or filtering using
SpEL . The legacy architecture required a separate processor when using the
prepackaged sources or sinks. A common complaint from users was “why do I need
to deploy a separate application just to evaluate a SpEL expression?” To address
this, we initially introduced a form of support for function composition in an
earlier release. To use this feature with the prepackaged applications required
forking them to modify the code or the build dependencies to provide the
functions. The current release provides function composition
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 58302 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 9536>>

that we could provide more to the Spring community, with more opinions and
guidance when it comes to Kubernetes. Liveness and Readiness in Kubernetes In
Kubernetes, the Liveness and Readiness Kubernetes concepts represent facets of
the application state. The Liveness state of an application tells whether the
internal state is valid. If Liveness is broken, this means that the application
itself is in a failed state and cannot recover from it. In this case, the best
course of action is to restart the application instance. For example, an
application relying on a local cache should fail its Liveness state if the local
cache is corrupted and cannot be repaired. The Readiness state tells whether the
application is ready to accept client requests. If the Readiness state is
unready, Kubernetes should not route traffic to this instance. If an application
is too busy processing a task queue, then it could declare itself as busy until
its load is manageable again. Promoting Liveness and Readiness as core Spring
Boot concepts These Liveness and Readiness concepts are not only applicable to
Kubernetes and they are generally useful, regardless of the deployment platform.
We’re introducing LivenessState and ReadinessState , which are immutable
representations of those concepts. You can get them at any time from the
ApplicationAvailability : // Available as a component in the application context
ApplicationAvailability availability; LivenessState livenessState =
availabilityProvider.getLivenessState(); ReadinessState readinessState =
availabilityProvider.getReadinessState() A polling-only model where you need to
exercise checks to know the state of the application is incomplete . Only the
application knows about
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 26622 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 3780>>

operator restores ThreadLocal values during subscription time (as well as for
other lifecycle events). To have the user code have logs during the assembly
time, the entire call to that code needs to be part of a reactive chain. In that
way, the user’s code is executed during subscription of the outer Mono and the
returned inner Mono is subscribed to immediately. For the entire execution, the
outer Mono ’s Context is made available in ThreadLocal s if we do this in our
“framework” code: Mono<Void> requestHandler = Mono.defer(() -> handleRequest())
.contextWrite(Context.of("CORRELATION_ID", correlationId())); All that we needed
to do was use Mono.defer() and attach the Context to it. Luckily, Spring
Framework does its job well and handles our assembly during the subscription
phase as well. Are We Done Solving the Context-propagation Problem? This new
approach looks very encouraging. One might wonder, with the approaches taken in
the past, how will this new mechanism break? We feel more confident about this
approach because it is more aligned with the nature of Reactive Streams. The
approaches that were not based around Reactor Context had one major
misconception embedded in them – they propagate ThreadLocal values downstream –
hopefully, trying to clean up at some point. However, there were no semantic
boundaries for the propagation to stop. Relying on downstream propagation of
ThreadLocal values can be a source of errors, too. Reactive libraries propagate
signals upstream and downstream. One signal potentially triggers another signal,
but it doesn’t have to. A different Thread can continue processing. Certain
optimizations (such as
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 43589 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 6732>>

all about what happens underneath to support that model so on the surface there
is no difference except for the full support for reactive types such as Flux and
Mono and Observable and Single from RxJava both for input and for output. Is
Spring Web Reactive better than Spring MVC? The greatest value proposition of
the Spring Framework reactive support and our unique positioning is that we
don't leave existing applications behind. In Spring 5, traditional Spring MVC
keeps running on any Servlet 3.1 stack, including Java EE 7 servers. For Spring
Web Reactive, we support Tomcat, Jetty, Undertow, and Netty without a compromise
and can also adapt to any Servlet 3.1 container. We plan to continue the synergy
between Spring MVC and Spring Web Reactive in terms of shared algorithms and
mechanisms in support of the same programming model on top. Improvement requests
or bug reports on the Spring MVC side will benefit Spring Web Reactive and vice
versa. That means you the developer can choose what’s better for your purposes.
If anyone tells you that synchronous or blocking is evil look the other way.
It's not and in reality it is a trade-off. Imperative style logic is simple to
write and simpler to debug. Sure it doesn't scale as well or as efficiently but
that's where the trade-off comes. There will always be many cases where
imperative is just fine for the task at hand and others where reactive and
non-blocking are a must. In a microservices scenario, you may even choose the
implementation
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 52743 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 8447>>

Each of these strategies is highlighted in turn below: Java Server Faces The
first view handling strategy supported is Java Server Faces. Through the Spring
Faces project, the SWF engine can now act as a container for JSF and fully drive
the JSF UI component lifecycle, combining all the strengths of the SWF
application controller model with all the strengths of the JSF UI component
model. As a result of this, we bring the following to the table for our
community: A Spring-centric way of configuring and deploying a Spring Web
application that uses JSF. To get up and running, you deploy a Spring Web
Servlet and point it at your bean definition files, very similar to how you
configure a Spring MVC web app today. No faces-config.xml or any other special
JSF artifacts are required. This makes it very easy for Spring users to take
advantage of JSF without any of the traditional drawbacks. You can even use JSF
inside a Spring MVC DispatcherServlet if you desire, when running in "embedded"
mode. Automatic support for POST+REDIRECT+GET pattern to prevent duplicate
submits and browser warnings when using browser navigational buttons. This is
possible for the same reasons: Spring Web Flow supports this pattern natively,
and we have integrated JSF into our model. Flow-managed UI component state. This
is particularly interesting as use of JSF traditionally implies a large amount
of HTTP Session state for storing the component tree. JSF component state is now
fully managed as SWF FlowExecution instance state, which means how that state is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56749 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 9212>>

capable resources. In such cases, Spring allows for simpler transaction managers
with less-overhead: DataSourceTransactionManager (for JDBC),
HibernateTransactionManager, or JpaTransactionManager. I would have expected to
hear a bit more detail on that particular Spring strength if the goal was to
accurately describe the pros and cons. For example, this is a huge benefit for
testing outside of the container or developing within a lightweight IDE
environment such as Eclipse or IDEA. Furthermore, if you do require JTA for
distributed transactions but want to run in a lightweight container like Tomcat
or Jetty, Spring easily supports standalone JTA providers like Atomikos and
JOTM. Sure Spring's transaction manager setup requires configuration of a single
bean definition, but it really is a one-time cost - and well worth the benefit.
5. Spring does not have a stateful application paradigm. The benefits of a
stateless service layer are fairly well-established as a best practice, and
Spring embraces that. Spring does provide scopes other than singleton however.
Spring's "prototype" scope enables a distinct instance for each injection or
lookup, and Spring 2.0 introduced web scopes: "request" and "session". The
scoping mechanism itself is even extensible; it's possible to define and map a
custom scope to the notion of a conversation. Spring also supports simple object
pooling with the CommonsPoolTargetSource, but object pooling is rarely the best
solution for state management. More importantly, Spring does provide very
robust, highly configurable state-management for web applications via Spring Web
Flow . There the conversational state is managed transparently, contrary to the
claim of this presentation
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56575 <<"chunk_id": 96, "docno": 9200>>

resides, perform the required computations, summarize the results, and then send
the reduced data set back to the client. Additionally, when the computations are
handled in parallel, across the cluster of computing resources, the operation
can be performed much more quickly. This typically involves intelligently
organizing the data using various partitioning (a.k.a. sharding) strategies to
uniformly balance the data set across the cluster. Apache Geode addresses this
very important application concern in its Function execution framework. Spring
Data for Apache Geode builds on this Function execution framework by letting
developers implement and execute Apache Geode functions with a simple POJO-based
annotation configuration model. See the section about implementation versus
execution for the difference between Function implementation and execution.
Taking this a step further, Spring Boot for Apache Geode auto-configures and
enables both Function implementation and execution out-of-the-box. Therefore,
you can immediately begin writing Functions and invoking them without having to
worry about all the necessary plumbing to begin with. You can rest assured that
it works as expected. 13.2. Applying Functions Earlier, when we talked about
caching , we described a FinancialLoanApplicationService class that could
process eligibility when someone (represented by a Person object) applied for a
financial loan. This can be a very resource intensive and expensive operation,
since it might involve collecting credit and employment history, gathering
information on outstanding loans, and so on. We applied caching in order to not
have to recompute or redetermine eligibility every time a loan office may want
to review the decision with the customer. But, what about
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 52851 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 8466>>

same JSF view is re-rendered. If she decides to do something that fires off some
Ajax request from the same page, that's fine as well - the flow execution is
again restored automatically, and JSF components participating in the Ajax call
can update flow-managed state in a thread-safe manner seamlessly (no pun
intended). Once the user decides to invoke a UI command, for example by clicking
a command link, the standard JSF postback lifecycle kicks in. After UI component
validations are processed and model values are updated, the JSF action outcome
is signaled as an event against the view-state of the restored flow execution.
The flow takes over from there, processing the event by invoking the appropriate
application behavior and selecting the next view according to the navigation
rules of the flow definition. This Web Flow navigation step is handled by the
last key construct in the JSF integration, a custom NavigationHandler . To
summarize, from the point of view of the JSF view and component developer, it's
just standard JSF - doesn't matter whether you are using JSP or Facelets with
XYZ component provider. Web Flow executions are restored for you automatically
and access to conversatioal state is completely transparent. Web Flow events are
just standard JSF UI command outcomes. From the perspective of the controller
developer, it's all Web Flow. As a result, verbose and limited navigation rules
in faces-config.xml are replaced by modular, concise flow definitions based on a
much richer flow definition language. The bottom line is you get all the
advantages
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 25710 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 3549>>

via Channels (Pipes). The producing endpoint sends Message to the Channel and
the Message is retrieved by the Consuming endpoint. This architecture is meant
to define various mechanisms that describe How information is exchanged between
the endpoints, without any awareness of What those endpoints are or What
information they are exchanging, thus providing for a very loosely coupled and
flexible collaboration model while also, decoupling Integration concerns from
Business concerns . EIP extends this architecture by further defining: the types
of pipes (Point-to-Point Channel, Publish-Subscribe Channel, Channel Adapter,
etc.) the core filters and patterns around how filters collaborate with pipes
(Message Router, Splitters and Aggregators, various Message Transformation
patterns, etc.) The Spring Integration (SI) messaging framework is designed to
provide a POJO-based programming model built on top of Enterprise Integration
Patterns. Use Case The details and variations of this use case are very nicely
described in Chapter 9 of the EIP Book , but here is the brief summary; A
Consumer while shopping for the best Loan Quote(s) subscribes to the services of
a Loan Broker, which handles details such as: Consumer pre-screening (e.g.,
obtain and review the consumer's Credit history) Determine the most appropriate
Banks (e.g., based on consumer's credit history/score) Send a Loan quote request
to each selected Bank Collect responses from each Bank Filter responses and
determine the best quote(s), based on consumer's requirements. Pass the Loan
quote(s) back to the consumer. Obviously the real process of obtaining a loan
quote is a bit more complex, but since our goal here is to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56752 <<"chunk_id": 10, "docno": 9212>>

another pro of Spring here - namely Spring's listener adapter. The adapter
provides automatic conversion from the JMS Message to a simple Java payload and
then delegates to any Spring-managed object to handle that payload. For example,
in the configuration above, the "logger" and "tradeService" listeners do not
even have to implement the MessageListener interface. If they do not, then
Spring automatically wraps those POJOs with an adapter that converts the Message
and determines which method to invoke. It even converts a return value (if there
is one) into a JMS reply Message and automatically replies to the destination
specified by the incoming Message's 'reply-to' property. This same behavior is
extremely difficult to implement from scratch since the JMS MessageListener
handling method has a 'void' return type: public interface MessageListener {
void onMessage(Message message); } 8. Spring's usage of the AspectJ expression
language is powerful but cryptic. EJB 3 is limited to @AroundInvoke, and the
example showed this with some simple auditing applied through interception. The
Spring example showed @Before advice since the auditing only required something
to happen before the method execution (not around). I appreciated that the
example emphasized the need to call context.proceed() on the EJB 3 side while
the AspectJ @Before advice is much simpler. I was disappointed however that some
of the attendees seemed to think that the AspectJ model was limited to @Before
and therefore that EJB 3 @AroundInvoke was more powerful. To be comprehensive
here, I would have included an example of @Around advice on the Spring side -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23085 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 2900>>

it was determined by the framework that the target destination is Apache Kafka.
This last point is worth elaborating a bit. We already established that setting
Cloud Event attributes is a non-functional aspect and that, because of it, we
have exposed a mechanism to let you deal with it outside of your business logic.
But what about attribute prefixes? Note that we are running the same code in
different execution contexts. This means that the attribute prefixes actually
depend on the execution context. So, by being aware of the execution context,
the framework ensures the correctness of the Cloud Event attribute prefixes.
Here, we rely on the Spring Cloud Stream framework and its defaults, such as
destination auto-provisioning (both Kafka and Rabbit), binding names,
connectivity, and more. The details of these defaults and configuration options
are out of scope for this post, since none of them are relevant to Cloud Events.
See the Spring Cloud Stream documentation for more details on the framework
itself and its configuration options. Also, as with the previous example, this
one also includes commented variations with which you are welcome to experiment.
Use Case 3 (from RSocket to Kafka) The full source code for the example is
available in the Spring Cloud Function samples . It assumes a certain level of
familiarity with RSocket and Apache Kafka. This section should be even shorter
than the previous one, as it is very similar. However, there are a few
interesting variants here that are worth discussing. Well, the obvious one is
RSocket .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 43598 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 6734>>

functional approach to processing a sequence of data exists in all Reactive
libraries, and also in Java 8 Streams . Consider this, similar looking code,
using a Stream with the same contents as the Flux : Stream<String> stream =
Streams.of("red", "white", "blue"); Stream<String> upper = stream.map(value -> {
System.out.println(value); return value.toUpperCase(); }); The observation we
made about Flux applies here: no data is processed, it’s just a plan of
execution. There are, however, some important differences between Flux and
Stream , which make Stream an inappropriate API for Reactive use cases. Flux has
a lot more operators, much of which is just convenience, but the real difference
comes when you want to consume the data, so that’s what we need to look at next.
Tip There is a useful blog by Sebastien Deleuze on Reactive Types , where he
describes the differences between the various streaming and reactive APIs by
looking at the types they define, and how you would use them. The differences
between Flux and Stream are highlighted there in more detail. Subscribers To
make the data flow you have to subscribe to the Flux using one of the
subscribe() methods. Only those methods make the data flow. They reach back
through the chain of operators you declared on your sequence (if any) and
request the publisher to start creating data. In the sample samples we have been
working with, this means the underlying collection of strings is iterated. In
more complicated use case it might trigger a file to be read from the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 37976 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 5596>>

that, originally, Kafka Streams applications were the reason why Apache Kafka
added transactional support and exactly-once semantics, but we haven’t talked
about it yet. The reason is that achieving exactly-once semantics in Kafka
Streams applications is straightforward and almost non-trivial. As they call it,
it is a single configuration knob. To learn more about exactly-once semantics in
Kafka Streams, see this blog from Confluent As with regular Kafka client-based
applications, in the case of Kafka Streams, the exactly-once guarantee comes
into play when you produce the final output in a consume-process-produce
pattern, implying that any downstream consumers of the produced data consume
exactly one as long as they use the read_committed isolation level. The Kafka
Streams configuration property processing.guarantee property enables
exactly-once semantics in Kafka Streams applications. You can set it in Spring
Cloud Stream by setting the
spring.cloud.stream.kafka.streams.binder.configuration.processing.guarantee
property. You need to set the value to exactly_once . By default, Kafka Streams
uses the value of at_least_once . The three main activities that generally occur
in a stateful Kafka Streams application are: Initial consumption of the records
State store updates through changelog topics. Producing the data The pattern is
that the record is received and processed. Along the way, any state information
materializes into a state store, essentially updating specific changelog topics.
Finally, the outbound record gets published to another Kafka topic. If you
noticed this pattern, it looks similar to many scenarios we have already seen,
except for the state store part. When setting the processing.guarantee to
exactly_once , Kafka Streams guarantees that, if
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 33279 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 4401>>

approach is favored over the legacy annotation-based model ( @EnableBinding ,
@StreamListener ). Spring Cloud Stream can bind directly to the input(s) and
output(s) of a Function @Bean . With this model, neither the legacy Spring Cloud
Stream annotations nor the Source, Processor, and Sink interfaces are needed.
The figure below illustrates this concept by using simple functions packaged as
Spring Cloud Stream applications. The binder implementation and external
configuration properties enable the applications to communicate through a
message broker, but the application code is not concerned with any of this.
Spring Cloud Stream invokes the helloTime Function in the ProcessorApplication
whenever a message arrives on the time topic and directs its output to the hello
topic. Likewise, the printTime Consumer in the SinkApplication is triggered by a
message arriving on the hello topic. But what triggers the SourceApplication? As
you may have guessed, Spring Cloud Stream auto-configures a poller, which
invokes the currentTime Supplier every second (by default). Of course, this is
configurable. The functional components are available to be packaged and
deployed in a wide range of uses other than Spring Cloud Stream, particularly in
FaaS environments. The functional components are built with Project Reactor ,
where appropriate, to enable non-blocking reactive streaming. The stream
applications (or any Spring Boot application built with the functional
components) can take advantage of Spring Cloud Function’s declarative function
composition features. This means that the pre-packaged stream applications can
be configured to perform common transformation and filtering operations with no
customization required. The new stream-applications Git repository is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56755 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 9212>>

Application Server to another would agree that Spring provides a significant
amount of abstraction in this regard. In point #4 above, I mentioned that
Spring's JtaTransactionManager uses auto-detection within any Java EE
Application Server and that the same applies for MBean servers, and RMI
registries. Along these same lines, when using JPA, Spring detects
persistence.xml and creates the EntityManagerFactory accordingly. In all of
these cases, Spring metadata - whether it be annotations (@PersistenceContext,
@Transactional, @Resource, etc) or XML ('jee:jndi-lookup', etc) is just as
portable as any EJB 3 application. Even when moving beyond the capabilities of a
typical EJB 3 application, minimal configuration changes provide significant
convenience. In this regard, Spring actually facilitates portability to a much
wider variety of environments: Tomcat, Jetty, standalone, Eclipse, IDEA, and so
on. My suggestion here would be to grab the Spring distribution's PetClinic
sample application and try building and deploying the WAR file into multiple
Application Servers. Then, notice that it can just as easily be deployed within
Tomcat, and that the degree of portability actually far exceeds that of an EJB 3
application as soon as you want to switch between the different data access
strategies that are supported by the application: JDBC, Hibernate and JPA. Take
a close look at the different configuration files for those different versions
(located within the 'samples/petclinic/war/WEB-INF' directory). Especially with
the additions of Spring 2.5, the configuration is extremely concise. Notice that
the only change necessary to switch between these different versions is one line
in the web.xml where the Spring context
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 57500 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 9351>>

. Blogger Carlo Scarioni has a great blog introducing how to create custom
Spring 3 XML namespaces . Blogger Duck Ranger follows with the second part of
his series introducing how to setup Spring MVC applications with SpringSource
Tool Suite . This blog goes beyond relying on the built-in templates, and looks
at tailoring the Spring MVC request mapping. </LI> simple-spring-memcached
client , version 2.0, is out. The project is a Spring integration for the
Memcached caching server. It provides a way to configure the behavior of the
cache. This API's pretty awesome, but I (personally) would love to see a Spring
3.1 CacheManager and Cache implementation. </LI> Blogger benkiew has put
together a blog that explains how to retrieve references to a prototype -scoped
bean that's been injected using some of the supported Spring annotations (
@Resource , @Autowired , or @Inject ). The problem's easy to imagine: suppose I
have a bean that's bound to the HTTP scope. It will be recreated each time it's
accessed in a unique HTTP request. Scoping works to ensure that a bean is only
uniquely recreated once per scope. So, ten accesses of the same
HTTP-request-scoped bean during a single HTTP request will result in the same
reference, but separate accesses across two different requests will result in
the creation of two beans. So far, this maps nicely with what we would expect.
What happens when I inject a reference to a bean that is not scoped - or, it's
scope is longer lived than the bean that's
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 46602 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 7289>>

actual Spring MVC configuration is loaded through the TestContext framework and
that the request is performed by actually invoking the DispatcherServlet and all
the same Spring MVC infrastructure that is used at runtime. Also similar to
existing controller unit tests, you may consider injecting controllers with mock
services in order to focus on testing the web layer and avoid hitting a database
for example. So instead of loading actual business and persistence services, you
can load configuration that creates mocks. For example: @Configuration public
class MyConfig { @Bean public FooService fooService() { return
Mockito.mock(FooService.class); } } or in XML configuration: <bean
class="org.mockito.Mockito" factory-method="mock"> <constructor-arg
value="org.example.FooService"/> </bean> Given that we're not running in an
actual servlet container, just how much will and will not work? For the most
part everything will work just like it does at runtime. You can even register
Servlet filters, enabling things like Spring Security. Most rendering
technologies like JSON/XML, Freemarker, Velocity, Thymeleaf, Excel, PDF, etc.
All of that will work. The only rendering technology excluded is JSPs since
since that requires a servlet container. For JSPs you can still verify the JSP
the request was forwarded, what attributes are in the model, whether any
exception was raised, and so on. Client-side REST Tests What's the idea behind
client-side REST tests? If you have code using the RestTemplate , you'll
probably want to test it and to that you can target a running server or mock the
RestTemplate. The client-side REST test support offers a third alternative,
which is to use the actual
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
