Index: 5499 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 761>>

of the core functionality works https://angular.dev/essentials/components
https://angular.dev/essentials/signals https://angular.dev/essentials/templates
https://angular.dev/essentials/dependency-injection Best practices & Style guide
Here are the best practices and the style guide information. Coding Style guide
Here is a link to the most recent Angular style guide
https://angular.dev/style-guide TypeScript Best Practices Use strict type
checking Prefer type inference when the type is obvious Avoid the any type; use
unknown when type is uncertain Angular Best Practices Always use standalone
components over NgModules Do NOT set standalone: true inside the @Component ,
@Directive and @Pipe decorators Use signals for state management Implement lazy
loading for feature routes Do NOT use the @HostBinding and @HostListener
decorators. Put host bindings inside the host object of the @Component or
@Directive decorator instead Use NgOptimizedImage for all static images.
NgOptimizedImage does not work for inline base64 images. Accessibility
Requirements It MUST pass all AXE checks. It MUST follow all WCAG AA minimums,
including focus management, color contrast, and ARIA attributes. Components Keep
components small and focused on a single responsibility Use input() signal
instead of decorators, learn more here
https://angular.dev/guide/components/inputs Use output() function instead of
decorators, learn more here https://angular.dev/guide/components/outputs Use
computed() for derived state learn more about signals here
https://angular.dev/guide/signals. Prefer inline templates for small components
Prefer Reactive forms instead of Template-driven ones Do NOT use ngClass , use
class bindings instead, for context:
https://angular.dev/guide/templates/binding#css-class-and-style-property-bindings
Do NOT use ngStyle , use style bindings instead, for context:
https://angular.dev/guide/templates/binding#css-class-and-style-property-bindings
State Management Use signals for local component state Use computed() for
derived state Keep state transformations pure and predictable Do NOT use
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 5303 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 735>>

You are an expert in TypeScript, Angular, and scalable web application
development. You write functional, maintainable, performant, and accessible code
following Angular and TypeScript best practices. TypeScript Best Practices Use
strict type checking Prefer type inference when the type is obvious Avoid the
any type; use unknown when type is uncertain Angular Best Practices Always use
standalone components over NgModules Must NOT set standalone: true inside
Angular decorators. It's the default in Angular v20+. Do NOT set
changeDetection: ChangeDetectionStrategy.OnPush explicitly. OnPush is the
default in Angular v22+. Use signals for state management Implement lazy loading
for feature routes Do NOT use the @HostBinding and @HostListener decorators. Put
host bindings inside the host object of the @Component or @Directive decorator
instead Use NgOptimizedImage for all static images. NgOptimizedImage does not
work for inline base64 images. Accessibility Requirements It MUST pass all AXE
checks. It MUST follow all WCAG AA minimums, including focus management, color
contrast, and ARIA attributes. Components Keep components small and focused on a
single responsibility Use input() and output() functions instead of decorators
Use model() for two-way bound properties with [(prop)] syntax instead of pairing
input() with output() Use computed() for derived state Use linkedSignal() for
state derived from multiple reactive sources that must stay synchronized Prefer
inline templates for small components Prefer Signal Forms (
@angular/forms/signals ) for new forms. They are stable in Angular v22+ and
provide signal-based state, type-safe field access, and schema-based validation
When not using Signal Forms, prefer Reactive forms instead of Template-driven
ones Do NOT use ngClass ,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1462 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 215>>

Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for current page
Reporting Vulnerabilities Rule No.1: Never Use Non-trusted Templates What Vue
Does to Protect You Potential Dangers Best Practices Backend Coordination
Server-Side Rendering (SSR) Sponsors Become a Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can
read better optimized documentation at /guide/best-practices/security.md for
this page in Markdown format Security ​ Reporting Vulnerabilities ​ When a
vulnerability is reported, it immediately becomes our top concern, with a
full-time contributor dropping everything to work on it. To report a
vulnerability, please email security@vuejs.org . While the discovery of new
vulnerabilities is rare, we also recommend always using the latest versions of
Vue and its official companion libraries to ensure your application remains as
secure as possible. Rule No.1: Never Use Non-trusted Templates ​ The most
fundamental security rule when using Vue is never use non-trusted content as
your component template . Doing so is equivalent to allowing arbitrary
JavaScript execution in your application - and worse, could lead to server
breaches if the code is executed during server-side rendering. An example of
such usage: js Vue. createApp ({ template: `<div>` + userProvidedString +
`</div>` // NEVER DO THIS }). mount ( '#app' ) Vue templates are compiled into
JavaScript, and expressions inside templates will be executed as part of the
rendering process. Although the expressions are evaluated against a specific
rendering context, due to the complexity of potential global execution
environments, it is impractical for a framework like Vue to completely shield
you from potential malicious code
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3120 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 446>>

Animation Techniques Get Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of
Contents for current page Project Setup Overview IDE Support Configuring
tsconfig.json Note on Vue CLI and ts-loader General Usage Notes
defineComponent() Usage in Single-File Components TypeScript in Templates Usage
with TSX Generic Components API-Specific Recipes Sponsors Become a Sponsor Are
you an LLM? You can read better optimized documentation at
/guide/typescript/overview.md for this page in Markdown format Using Vue with
TypeScript ​ A type system like TypeScript can detect many common errors via
static analysis at build time. This reduces the chance of runtime errors in
production, and also allows us to more confidently refactor code in large-scale
applications. TypeScript also improves developer ergonomics via type-based
auto-completion in IDEs. Vue is written in TypeScript itself and provides
first-class TypeScript support. All official Vue packages come with bundled type
declarations that should work out-of-the-box. Project Setup ​ create-vue , the
official project scaffolding tool, offers the options to scaffold a Vite
-powered, TypeScript-ready Vue project. Overview ​ With a Vite-based setup, the
dev server and the bundler are transpilation-only and do not perform any
type-checking. This ensures the Vite dev server stays blazing fast even when
using TypeScript. During development, we recommend relying on a good IDE setup
for instant feedback on type errors. If using SFCs, use the vue-tsc utility for
command line type checking and type declaration generation. vue-tsc is a wrapper
around tsc , TypeScript's own command line interface. It works largely the same
as tsc except that it supports Vue
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4023 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 550>>

filesystems which do the same. Use Normalization Comparison Functions
Appropriately Make sure that you use case / Unicode form / timestamp comparison
functions appropriately. Do not use a case-insensitive filename comparison
function if you are working on a case-sensitive filesystem. Do not use a Unicode
form insensitive comparison function if you are working on a Unicode form
sensitive filesystem (e.g. NTFS and most Linux filesystems which preserve both
NFC and NFD or mixed Unicode forms). Do not compare timestamps at 2-second
resolution if you are working on a nanosecond timestamp resolution filesystem.
Be Prepared for Slight Differences in Comparison Functions Be careful that your
comparison functions match those of the filesystem (or probe the filesystem if
possible to see how it would actually compare). Case-insensitivity for example
is more complex than a simple toLowerCase() comparison. In fact, toUpperCase()
is usually better than toLowerCase() (since it handles certain foreign language
characters differently). But better still would be to probe the filesystem since
every filesystem has its own case comparison table baked in. As an example,
Apple's HFS+ normalizes filenames to NFD form but this NFD form is actually an
older version of the current NFD form and may sometimes be slightly different
from the latest Unicode standard's NFD form. Do not expect HFS+ NFD to be
exactly the same as Unicode NFD all the time. Reading Time 10 min read
Contribute Edit this page Table of Contents Filesystem Behavior Avoid a Lowest
Common Denominator Approach Adopt a Superset Approach Case Preservation Unicode
Form Preservation Unicode Form Insensitivity
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2466 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 355>>

features, makes it difficult to reason about when a piece of hooks code is run,
and makes working with mutable state that should persist across renders (via
useRef ) cumbersome. Note: some of the above issues that are related to
memoization can be resolved by the upcoming React Compiler . In comparison, Vue
Composition API: Invokes setup() or <script setup> code only once. This makes
the code align better with the intuitions of idiomatic JavaScript usage as there
are no stale closures to worry about. Composition API calls are also not
sensitive to call order and can be conditional. Vue's runtime reactivity system
automatically collects reactive dependencies used in computed properties and
watchers, so there's no need to manually declare dependencies. No need to
manually cache callback functions to avoid unnecessary child updates. In
general, Vue's fine-grained reactivity system ensures child components only
update when they need to. Manual child-update optimizations are rarely a concern
for Vue developers. We acknowledge the creativity of React Hooks, and it is a
major source of inspiration for Composition API. However, the issues mentioned
above do exist in its design and we noticed Vue's reactivity model happens to
provide a way around them. Edit this page on GitHub Previous Ways of Using Vue
Next Reactivity in Depth Composition API FAQ has loaded
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2780 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 402>>

Techniques Get Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for
current page What is Reactivity? How Reactivity Works in Vue Runtime vs.
Compile-time Reactivity Reactivity Debugging Component Debugging Hooks Computed
Debugging Watcher Debugging Integration with External State Systems Immutable
Data State Machines RxJS Connection to Signals API Design Trade-Offs Sponsors
Become a Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can read better optimized documentation at
/guide/extras/reactivity-in-depth.md for this page in Markdown format Reactivity
in Depth ​ One of Vue’s most distinctive features is the unobtrusive reactivity
system. Component state consists of reactive JavaScript objects. When you modify
them, the view updates. It makes state management simple and intuitive, but it’s
also important to understand how it works to avoid some common gotchas. In this
section, we are going to dig into some of the lower-level details of Vue’s
reactivity system. What is Reactivity? ​ This term comes up in programming quite
a bit these days, but what do people mean when they say it? Reactivity is a
programming paradigm that allows us to adjust to changes in a declarative
manner. The canonical example that people usually show, because it’s a great
one, is an Excel spreadsheet: A B C 0 1 1 2 2 3 Here cell A2 is defined via a
formula of = A0 + A1 (you can click on A2 to view or edit the formula), so the
spreadsheet gives us 3. No surprises there. But if you update A0 or A1, you'll
notice that A2 automagically updates too. JavaScript
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2458 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 355>>

Techniques Get Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for
current page What is Composition API? Why Composition API? Better Logic Reuse
More Flexible Code Organization Better Type Inference Smaller Production Bundle
and Less Overhead Relationship with Options API Trade-offs Does Composition API
cover all use cases? Can I use both APIs in the same component? Will Options API
be deprecated? Relationship with Class API Comparison with React Hooks Sponsors
Become a Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can read better optimized documentation at
/guide/extras/composition-api-faq.md for this page in Markdown format
Composition API FAQ ​ TIP This FAQ assumes prior experience with Vue - in
particular, experience with Vue 2 while primarily using Options API. What is
Composition API? ​ Watch a free video lesson on Vue School Composition API is a
set of APIs that allows us to author Vue components using imported functions
instead of declaring options. It is an umbrella term that covers the following
APIs: Reactivity API , e.g. ref() and reactive() , that allows us to directly
create reactive state, computed state, and watchers. Lifecycle Hooks , e.g.
onMounted() and onUnmounted() , that allow us to programmatically hook into the
component lifecycle. Dependency Injection , i.e. provide() and inject() , that
allow us to leverage Vue's dependency injection system while using Reactivity
APIs. Composition API is a built-in feature of Vue 3 and Vue 2.7 . For older Vue
2 versions, use the officially maintained @vue/composition-api plugin. In Vue 3,
it is also primarily used together with
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3405 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 476>>

Animation Techniques Get Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of
Contents for current page Using Custom Elements in Vue Building Custom Elements
with Vue Non-Vue Web Components and TypeScript Web Components vs. Vue Components
Sponsors Become a Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can read better optimized
documentation at /guide/extras/web-components.md for this page in Markdown
format Vue and Web Components ​ Web Components is an umbrella term for a set of
web native APIs that allows developers to create reusable custom elements. We
consider Vue and Web Components to be primarily complementary technologies. Vue
has excellent support for both consuming and creating custom elements. Whether
you are integrating custom elements into an existing Vue application, or using
Vue to build and distribute custom elements, you are in good company. Using
Custom Elements in Vue ​ Vue scores a perfect 100% in the Custom Elements
Everywhere tests . Consuming custom elements inside a Vue application largely
works the same as using native HTML elements, with a few things to keep in mind:
Skipping Component Resolution ​ By default, Vue will attempt to resolve a
non-native HTML tag as a registered Vue component before falling back to
rendering it as a custom element. This will cause Vue to emit a "failed to
resolve component" warning during development. To let Vue know that certain
elements should be treated as custom elements and skip component resolution, we
can specify the compilerOptions.isCustomElement option . If you are using Vue
with a build setup, the option should be passed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 5304 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 735>>

signal-based state, type-safe field access, and schema-based validation When not
using Signal Forms, prefer Reactive forms instead of Template-driven ones Do NOT
use ngClass , use class bindings instead Do NOT use ngStyle , use style bindings
instead When using external templates/styles, use paths relative to the
component TS file. State Management Use signals for local component state Use
computed() for derived state Keep state transformations pure and predictable Do
NOT use mutate on signals, use update or set instead Templates Keep templates
simple and avoid complex logic Use native control flow ( @if , @for , @switch )
instead of ngIf , ngFor , *ngSwitch Use the async pipe to handle observables Do
not assume globals like ( new Date() ) are available. Services Design services
around a single responsibility Use the providedIn: 'root' option for singleton
services Prefer the @Service decorator over @Injectable({providedIn: 'root'})
for new singleton services (Angular v22+) Use the inject() function instead of
constructor injection
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 360 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 68>>

not include .runtime are full builds : they include the compiler and support
compiling templates directly in the browser. However, they will increase the
payload by ~14kb. Our default tooling setups use the runtime-only build since
all templates in SFCs are pre-compiled. If, for some reason, you need in-browser
template compilation even with a build step, you can do so by configuring the
build tool to alias vue to vue/dist/vue.esm-bundler.js instead. If you are
looking for a lighter-weight alternative for no-build-step usage, check out
petite-vue . IDE Support ​ The recommended IDE setup is VS Code + the Vue -
Official extension (previously Volar). The extension provides syntax
highlighting, TypeScript support, and intellisense for template expressions and
component props. TIP Vue - Official replaces Vetur , our previous official VS
Code extension for Vue 2. If you have Vetur currently installed, make sure to
disable it in Vue 3 projects. WebStorm also provides great built-in support for
Vue SFCs. Other IDEs that support the Language Service Protocol (LSP) can also
leverage Volar's core functionalities via LSP: Sublime Text support via
LSP-Volar . vim / Neovim support via coc-volar . emacs support via lsp-mode
Browser Devtools ​ The Vue browser devtools extension allows you to explore a
Vue app's component tree, inspect the state of individual components, track
state management events, and profile performance. Documentation Chrome Extension
Vite Plugin Standalone Electron app TypeScript ​ Main article: Using Vue with
TypeScript . Vue - Official extension provides type checking for SFCs using
<script lang="ts"> blocks, including template expressions
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 16163 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 2160>>

its APIs. When application code exposes Node.js functionality to untrusted users
in an unsafe manner, any resulting crashes, data corruption, or other issues are
not considered vulnerabilities in Node.js itself. It is the application's
responsibility to: Validate and sanitize all untrusted input before passing it
to Node.js APIs. Design appropriate access controls and security boundaries.
Avoid exposing low-level or dangerous APIs directly to untrusted users. Examples
of scenarios that are not Node.js vulnerabilities: Allowing untrusted users to
register SQLite user-defined functions via node:sqlite ( DatabaseSync ) that can
perform arbitrary operations (e.g., closing database connections during query
execution, causing crashes or use-after-free conditions). Loading SQLite
extensions using the allowExtension option in DatabaseSync — this option must be
explicitly set to true by the application, and enabling it is the application
operator's responsibility. Using node:sqlite built-in SQL functions or pragmas
(e.g., ATTACH DATABASE ) to read or write files — DatabaseSync operates with the
same file-system access as the process itself, and it is the application's
responsibility to restrict what SQL is executed. Exposing child_process.exec()
or similar APIs to untrusted users without proper input validation, allowing
command injection. Allowing untrusted users to control file paths passed to file
system APIs without validation, leading to path traversal issues. Permitting
untrusted users to define custom code that executes with the application's
privileges (e.g., custom transforms, plugins, or callbacks). These scenarios
represent application-level security issues, not Node.js vulnerabilities. The
root cause is the application's failure to establish proper security boundaries
between trusted application logic and untrusted user input. Build System
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 362 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 68>>

your editor during development. This also avoids unnecessary linting cost when
starting the dev server. Run ESLint as part of the production build command, so
you get full linter feedback before shipping to production. (Optional) Setup
tools like lint-staged to automatically lint modified files on git commit.
Formatting ​ The Vue - Official VS Code extension provides formatting for Vue
SFCs out of the box. Alternatively, Prettier provides built-in Vue SFC
formatting support. SFC Custom Block Integrations ​ Custom blocks are compiled
into imports to the same Vue file with different request queries. It is up to
the underlying build tool to handle these import requests. If using Vite, a
custom Vite plugin should be used to transform matched custom blocks into
executable JavaScript. Example If using Vue CLI or plain webpack, a webpack
loader should be configured to transform the matched blocks. Example Lower-Level
Packages ​ @vue/compiler-sfc ​ Docs This package is part of the Vue core
monorepo and is always published with the same version as the main vue package.
It is included as a dependency of the main vue package and proxied under
vue/compiler-sfc so you don't need to install it individually. The package
itself provides lower-level utilities for processing Vue SFCs and is only meant
for tooling authors that need to support Vue SFCs in custom tools. TIP Always
prefer using this package via the vue/compiler-sfc deep import since this
ensures its version is in sync with the Vue runtime. @vitejs/plugin-vue ​ Docs
Official plugin that provides Vue SFC support in Vite.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1468 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 215>>

to also review the source code of your dependencies for potentially dangerous
patterns, if any of them include 3rd-party components or otherwise influence
what's rendered to the DOM. Backend Coordination ​ HTTP security
vulnerabilities, such as cross-site request forgery (CSRF/XSRF) and cross-site
script inclusion (XSSI), are primarily addressed on the backend, so they aren't
a concern of Vue's. However, it's still a good idea to communicate with your
backend team to learn how to best interact with their API, e.g., by submitting
CSRF tokens with form submissions. Server-Side Rendering (SSR) ​ There are some
additional security concerns when using SSR, so make sure to follow the best
practices outlined throughout our SSR documentation to avoid vulnerabilities.
Edit this page on GitHub Previous Accessibility Next Overview Security has
loaded
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3297 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 460>>

Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for current page
Overview Profiling Options Page Load Optimizations Choosing the Right
Architecture Bundle Size and Tree-shaking Code Splitting Update Optimizations
Props Stability v-once v-memo Computed Stability General Optimizations
Virtualize Large Lists Reduce Reactivity Overhead for Large Immutable Structures
Avoid Unnecessary Component Abstractions Sponsors Become a Sponsor Are you an
LLM? You can read better optimized documentation at
/guide/best-practices/performance.md for this page in Markdown format
Performance ​ Overview ​ Vue is designed to be performant for most common use
cases without much need for manual optimizations. However, there are always
challenging scenarios where extra fine-tuning is needed. In this section, we
will discuss what you should pay attention to when it comes to performance in a
Vue application. First, let's discuss the two major aspects of web performance:
Page Load Performance : how fast the application shows content and becomes
interactive on the initial visit. This is usually measured using web vital
metrics like Largest Contentful Paint (LCP) and Interaction to Next Paint .
Update Performance : how fast the application updates in response to user input.
For example, how fast a list updates when the user types in a search box, or how
fast the page switches when the user clicks a navigation link in a Single-Page
Application (SPA). While it would be ideal to maximize both, different frontend
architectures tend to affect how easy it is to attain desired performance in
these aspects. In addition, the type of application you are building greatly
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1563 <<"chunk_id": 12, "docno": 230>>

chapter, we discussed the Renderless Component pattern based on scoped slots. We
even implemented the same mouse tracking demo using renderless components. The
main advantage of composables over renderless components is that composables do
not incur the extra component instance overhead. When used across an entire
application, the amount of extra component instances created by the renderless
component pattern can become a noticeable performance overhead. The
recommendation is to use composables when reusing pure logic, and use components
when reusing both logic and visual layout. vs. React Hooks ​ If you have
experience with React, you may notice that this looks very similar to custom
React hooks. Composition API was in part inspired by React hooks, and Vue
composables are indeed similar to React hooks in terms of logic composition
capabilities. However, Vue composables are based on Vue's fine-grained
reactivity system, which is fundamentally different from React hooks' execution
model. This is discussed in more detail in the Composition API FAQ . Further
Reading ​ Reactivity In Depth : for a low-level understanding of how Vue's
reactivity system works. State Management : for patterns of managing state
shared by multiple components. Testing Composables : tips on unit testing
composables. VueUse : an ever-growing collection of Vue composables. The source
code is also a great learning resource. Edit this page on GitHub Previous Async
Components Next Custom Directives Composables has loaded
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2939 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 423>>

the effect re-runs. This time, a new, updated Virtual DOM tree is created. The
runtime renderer walks the new tree, compares it with the old one, and applies
necessary updates to the actual DOM. Templates vs. Render Functions ​ Vue
templates are compiled into virtual DOM render functions. Vue also provides APIs
that allow us to skip the template compilation step and directly author render
functions. Render functions are more flexible than templates when dealing with
highly dynamic logic, because you can work with vnodes using the full power of
JavaScript. So why does Vue recommend templates by default? There are a number
of reasons: Templates are closer to actual HTML. This makes it easier to reuse
existing HTML snippets, apply accessibility best practices, style with CSS, and
for designers to understand and modify. Templates are easier to statically
analyze due to their more deterministic syntax. This allows Vue's template
compiler to apply many compile-time optimizations to improve the performance of
the virtual DOM (which we will discuss below). In practice, templates are
sufficient for most use cases in applications. Render functions are typically
only used in reusable components that need to deal with highly dynamic rendering
logic. Render function usage is discussed in more detail in Render Functions &
JSX . Compiler-Informed Virtual DOM ​ The virtual DOM implementation in React
and most other virtual-DOM implementations are purely runtime: the
reconciliation algorithm cannot make any assumptions about the incoming virtual
DOM tree, so it has to fully traverse the tree and diff the props of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1552 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 230>>

Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for current page What
is a "Composable"? Mouse Tracker Example Async State Example Conventions and
Best Practices Extracting Composables for Code Organization Using Composables in
Options API Comparisons with Other Techniques Further Reading Sponsors Become a
Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can read better optimized documentation at
/guide/reusability/composables.md for this page in Markdown format Composables ​
TIP This section assumes basic knowledge of Composition API. If you have been
learning Vue with Options API only, you can set the API Preference to
Composition API (using the toggle at the top of the left sidebar) and re-read
the Reactivity Fundamentals and Lifecycle Hooks chapters. What is a
"Composable"? ​ In the context of Vue applications, a "composable" is a function
that leverages Vue's Composition API to encapsulate and reuse stateful logic .
When building frontend applications, we often need to reuse logic for common
tasks. For example, we may need to format dates in many places, so we extract a
reusable function for that. This formatter function encapsulates stateless logic
: it takes some input and immediately returns expected output. There are many
libraries out there for reusing stateless logic - for example lodash and
date-fns , which you may have heard of. By contrast, stateful logic involves
managing state that changes over time. A simple example would be tracking the
current position of the mouse on a page. In real-world scenarios, it could also
be more complex logic such as touch gestures or connection
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1644 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 241>>

Get Security Updates for Vue 2 On this page Table of Contents for current page
Development vs. Production Without Build Tools With Build Tools Tracking Runtime
Errors Sponsors Become a Sponsor Are you an LLM? You can read better optimized
documentation at /guide/best-practices/production-deployment.md for this page in
Markdown format Production Deployment ​ Development vs. Production ​ During
development, Vue provides a number of features to improve the development
experience: Warning for common errors and pitfalls Props / events validation
Reactivity debugging hooks Devtools integration However, these features become
useless in production. Some of the warning checks can also incur a small amount
of performance overhead. When deploying to production, we should drop all the
unused, development-only code branches for smaller payload size and better
performance. Without Build Tools ​ If you are using Vue without a build tool by
loading it from a CDN or self-hosted script, make sure to use the production
build (dist files that end in .prod.js ) when deploying to production.
Production builds are pre-minified with all development-only code branches
removed. If using global build (accessing via the Vue global): use
vue.global.prod.js . If using ESM build (accessing via native ESM imports): use
vue.esm-browser.prod.js . Consult the dist file guide for more details. With
Build Tools ​ Projects scaffolded via create-vue (based on Vite) or Vue CLI
(based on webpack) are pre-configured for production builds. If using a custom
setup, make sure that: vue resolves to vue.runtime.esm-bundler.js . The compile
time feature flags are properly configured. process.env .NODE_ENV is replaced
with "production"
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2465 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 355>>

using Class API with Vue 3, given that Composition API provides great TypeScript
integration with additional logic reuse and code organization benefits.
Comparison with React Hooks ​ Composition API provides the same level of logic
composition capabilities as React Hooks, but with some important differences.
React Hooks are invoked repeatedly every time a component updates. This creates
a number of caveats that can confuse even seasoned React developers. It also
leads to performance optimization issues that can severely affect development
experience. Here are some examples: Hooks are call-order sensitive and cannot be
conditional. Variables declared in a React component can be captured by a hook
closure and become "stale" if the developer fails to pass in the correct
dependencies array. This leads to React developers relying on ESLint rules to
ensure correct dependencies are passed. However, the rule is often not smart
enough and over-compensates for correctness, which leads to unnecessary
invalidation and headaches when edge cases are encountered. Expensive
computations require the use of useMemo , which again requires manually passing
in the correct dependencies array. Event handlers passed to child components
cause unnecessary child updates by default, and require explicit useCallback as
an optimization. This is almost always needed, and again requires a correct
dependencies array. Neglecting this leads to over-rendering apps by default and
can cause performance issues without realizing it. The stale closure problem,
combined with Concurrent features, makes it difficult to reason about when a
piece of hooks code is run, and makes working with mutable state that should
persist across
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
