Index: 1899 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 239>>

improve performance by skipping rendering components whose inputs have not
changed. This is safe because pure functions always return the same results, so
they are safe to cache. If some data changes in the middle of rendering a deep
component tree, React can restart rendering without wasting time to finish the
outdated render. Purity makes it safe to stop calculating at any time. Every new
React feature we’re building takes advantage of purity. From data fetching to
animations to performance, keeping components pure unlocks the power of the
React paradigm. Recap A component must be pure, meaning: It minds its own
business. It should not change any objects or variables that existed before
rendering. Same inputs, same output. Given the same inputs, a component should
always return the same JSX. Rendering can happen at any time, so components
should not depend on each others’ rendering sequence. You should not mutate any
of the inputs that your components use for rendering. That includes props,
state, and context. To update the screen, “set” state instead of mutating
preexisting objects. Strive to express your component’s logic in the JSX you
return. When you need to “change things”, you’ll usually want to do it in an
event handler. As a last resort, you can useEffect . Writing pure functions
takes a bit of practice, but it unlocks the power of React’s paradigm. Try out
some challenges 1 . Fix a broken clock 2 . Fix a broken profile 3 . Fix a broken
story tray Challenge 1 of 3 :
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6029 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 874>>

like: Instant transitions. Some routing frameworks already prefetch data to
speed up subsequent navigations, like when hovering over a link. With Offscreen,
they’ll also be able to prerender the next screen in the background. Reusable
state. Similarly, when navigating between routes or tabs, you can use Offscreen
to preserve the state of the previous screen so you can switch back and pick up
where you left off. Virtualized list rendering. When displaying large lists of
items, virtualized list frameworks will prerender more rows than are currently
visible. You can use Offscreen to prerender the hidden rows at a lower priority
than the visible items in the list. Backgrounded content. We’re also exploring a
related feature for deprioritizing content in the background without hiding it,
like when displaying a modal overlay. Transition Tracing Currently, React has
two profiling tools. The original Profiler shows an overview of all the commits
in a profiling session. For each commit, it also shows all components that
rendered and the amount of time it took for them to render. We also have a beta
version of a Timeline Profiler introduced in React 18 that shows when components
schedule updates and when React works on these updates. Both of these profilers
help developers identify performance problems in their code. We’ve realized that
developers don’t find knowing about individual slow commits or components out of
context that useful. It’s more useful to know about what actually causes the
slow commits. And that developers want to be able to track specific interactions
(eg a button
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 905 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 129>>

there is a special behavior for functions. This argument is ignored after the
initial render. If you pass a function as initialState , it will be treated as
an initializer function . It should be pure, should take no arguments, and
should return a value of any type. React will call your initializer function
when initializing the component, and store its return value as the initial
state. See an example below. Returns useState returns an array with exactly two
values: The current state. During the first render, it will match the
initialState you have passed. The set function that lets you update the state to
a different value and trigger a re-render. Caveats useState is a Hook, so you
can only call it at the top level of your component or your own Hooks. You can’t
call it inside loops or conditions. If you need that, extract a new component
and move the state into it. In Strict Mode, React will call your initializer
function twice in order to help you find accidental impurities. This is
development-only behavior and does not affect production. If your initializer
function is pure (as it should be), this should not affect the behavior. The
result from one of the calls will be ignored. set functions, like
setSomething(nextState) The set function returned by useState lets you update
the state to a different value and trigger a re-render. You can pass the next
state directly, or a function that calculates it from the previous state: const
[ name , setName ] =
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 432 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 67>>

Show more Ready to learn this topic? Read State: A Component’s Memory to learn
how to remember a value and update it on interaction. Read More Render and
commit Before your components are displayed on the screen, they must be rendered
by React. Understanding the steps in this process will help you think about how
your code executes and explain its behavior. Imagine that your components are
cooks in the kitchen, assembling tasty dishes from ingredients. In this
scenario, React is the waiter who puts in requests from customers and brings
them their orders. This process of requesting and serving UI has three steps:
Triggering a render (delivering the diner’s order to the kitchen) Rendering the
component (preparing the order in the kitchen) Committing to the DOM (placing
the order on the table) Trigger Render Commit Illustrated by Rachel Lee Nabors
Ready to learn this topic? Read Render and Commit to learn the lifecycle of a UI
update. Read More State as a snapshot Unlike regular JavaScript variables, React
state behaves more like a snapshot. Setting it does not change the state
variable you already have, but instead triggers a re-render. This can be
surprising at first! console . log ( count ) ; // 0 setCount ( count + 1 ) ; //
Request a re-render with 1 console . log ( count ) ; // Still 0! This behavior
helps you avoid subtle bugs. Here is a little chat app. Try to guess what
happens if you press “Send” first and then change the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1025 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 146>>

every component and subcomponent in the mockup and naming them. If you work with
a designer, they may have already named these components in their design tool.
Ask them! Depending on your background, you can think about splitting up a
design into components in different ways: Programming —use the same techniques
for deciding if you should create a new function or object. One such technique
is the separation of concerns , that is, a component should ideally only be
concerned with one thing. If it ends up growing, it should be decomposed into
smaller subcomponents. CSS —consider what you would make class selectors for.
(However, components are a bit less granular.) Design —consider how you would
organize the design’s layers. If your JSON is well-structured, you’ll often find
that it naturally maps to the component structure of your UI. That’s because UI
and data models often have the same information architecture—that is, the same
shape. Separate your UI into components, where each component matches one piece
of your data model. There are five components on this screen:
FilterableProductTable (grey) contains the entire app. SearchBar (blue) receives
the user input. ProductTable (lavender) displays and filters the list according
to the user input. ProductCategoryRow (green) displays a heading for each
category. ProductRow (yellow) displays a row for each product. If you look at
ProductTable (lavender), you’ll see that the table header (containing the “Name”
and “Price” labels) isn’t its own component. This is a matter of preference, and
you could go either way. For this example, it is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2453 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 331>>

only if dependencies changed. The function you’re passing is later used as a
dependency of some Hook. For example, another function wrapped in useCallback
depends on it, or you depend on this function from useEffect. There is no
benefit to wrapping a function in useCallback in other cases. There is no
significant harm to doing that either, so some teams choose to not think about
individual cases, and memoize as much as possible. The downside is that code
becomes less readable. Also, not all memoization is effective: a single value
that’s “always new” is enough to break memoization for an entire component. Note
that useCallback does not prevent creating the function. You’re always creating
a function (and that’s fine!), but React ignores it and gives you back a cached
function if nothing changed. In practice, you can make a lot of memoization
unnecessary by following a few principles: When a component visually wraps other
components, let it accept JSX as children. Then, if the wrapper component
updates its own state, React knows that its children don’t need to re-render.
Prefer local state and don’t lift state up any further than necessary. Don’t
keep transient state like forms and whether an item is hovered at the top of
your tree or in a global state library. Keep your rendering logic pure. If
re-rendering a component causes a problem or produces some noticeable visual
artifact, it’s a bug in your component! Fix the bug instead of adding
memoization. Avoid unnecessary Effects that update state. Most performance
problems in
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4567 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 665>>

and effects phases: Mount - A corresponding subtree of component renders or
effects was mounted. Unmount - A corresponding subtree of component renders or
effects was unmounted. Reconnect - Similar to Mount, but limited to cases when
<Activity> is used. Disconnect - Similar to Unmount, but limited to cases when
<Activity> is used. Changed props In development builds, when you click on a
component render entry, you can inspect potential changes in props. You can use
this information to identify unnecessary renders. Server Server Requests The
Server Requests track visualized all Promises that eventually end up in a React
Server Component. This includes any async operations like calling fetch or async
Node.js file operations. React will try to combine Promises that are started
from inside third-party code into a single span representing the the duration of
the entire operation blocking 1st party code. For example, a third party library
method called getUser that calls fetch internally multiple times will be
represented as a single span called getUser , instead of showing multiple fetch
spans. Clicking on spans will show you a stack trace of where the Promise was
created as well as a view of the value that the Promise resolved to, if
available. Rejected Promises are displayed as red with their rejected value.
Server Components The Server Components tracks visualize the durations of React
Server Components Promises they awaited. Timings are displayed as a flamegraph,
where each entry represents the duration of the corresponding component render
and all its descendant children components. If you await
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6078 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 878>>

but representative subset of the language: let/const, if/else, for loops,
objects, arrays, primitives, function calls, and a few other features. As we
gained confidence in the core model and refined our internal abstractions, we
expanded the supported language subset. We’re also explicit about syntax we
don’t yet support, logging diagnostics and skipping compilation for unsupported
input. We have utilities to try the compiler on Meta’s codebases and see what
unsupported features are most common so we can prioritize those next. We’ll
continue incrementally expanding towards supporting the whole language. Making
plain JavaScript in React components reactive requires a compiler with a deep
understanding of semantics so that it can understand exactly what the code is
doing. By taking this approach, we’re creating a system for reactivity within
JavaScript that lets you write product code of any complexity with the full
expressivity of the language, instead of being limited to a domain specific
language. Offscreen Rendering Offscreen rendering is an upcoming capability in
React for rendering screens in the background without additional performance
overhead. You can think of it as a version of the content-visibility CSS
property that works not only for DOM elements but React components, too. During
our research, we’ve discovered a variety of use cases: A router can prerender
screens in the background so that when a user navigates to them, they’re
instantly available. A tab switching component can preserve the state of hidden
tabs, so the user can switch between them without losing their progress. A
virtualized list component can prerender additional rows
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4843 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 703>>

Event handler function. Fires if an input fails validation on form submit.
Unlike the built-in invalid event, the React onInvalid event bubbles.
onInvalidCapture : A version of onInvalid that fires in the capture phase.
onSelect : An Event handler function. Fires after the selection inside the
<input> changes. React extends the onSelect event to also fire for empty
selection and on edits (which may affect the selection). onSelectCapture : A
version of onSelect that fires in the capture phase. pattern : A string.
Specifies the pattern that the value must match. placeholder : A string.
Displayed in a dimmed color when the input value is empty. readOnly : A boolean.
If true , the input is not editable by the user. required : A boolean. If true ,
the value must be provided for the form to submit. size : A number. Similar to
setting width, but the unit depends on the control. src : A string. Specifies
the image source for a type="image" input. step : A positive number or an 'any'
string. Specifies the distance between valid values. type : A string. One of the
input types. width : A string. Specifies the image width for a type="image"
input. Caveats Checkboxes need checked (or defaultChecked ), not value (or
defaultValue ). If a text input receives a string value prop, it will be treated
as controlled. If a checkbox or a radio button receives a boolean checked prop,
it will be treated as controlled. An input can’t be both controlled and
uncontrolled at the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1031 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 146>>

computed by taking the original list of products and filtering it according to
the search text and value of the checkbox. This means only the search text and
the value of the checkbox are state! Nicely done! Deep Dive Props vs State Show
Details There are two types of “model” data in React: props and state. The two
are very different: Props are like arguments you pass to a function. They let a
parent component pass data to a child component and customize its appearance.
For example, a Form can pass a color prop to a Button . State is like a
component’s memory. It lets a component keep track of some information and
change it in response to interactions. For example, a Button might keep track of
isHovered state. Props and state are different, but they work together. A parent
component will often keep some information in state (so that it can change it),
and pass it down to child components as their props. It’s okay if the difference
still feels fuzzy on the first read. It takes a bit of practice for it to really
stick! Step 4: Identify where your state should live After identifying your
app’s minimal state data, you need to identify which component is responsible
for changing this state, or owns the state. Remember: React uses one-way data
flow, passing data down the component hierarchy from parent to child component.
It may not be immediately clear which component should own what state. This can
be challenging if you’re new to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23021 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 3413>>

to enter the bank account info, they have second thoughts, they wouldn't want it
to wind up in a leak. They toggle back to credit card option, but they notice
all the info they just entered is gone! This illustrates another problem with
form models that have a dynamic structure: they can cause data loss. A model
like this assumes that once a field becomes hidden, the information in it will
never be needed again. It replaces the credit card information with the bank
information, and has no way to get the credit card information back. Exceptions
While static structure is generally preferred, there are specific scenarios
where dynamic structure is necessary and supported. Arrays Arrays are the most
common exception. Forms often need to collect a variable number of items, such
as a list of phone numbers, attendees, or line items in an order. interface
SendEmailFormModel { subject : string ; recipientEmails : string []; } In this
case, the recipientEmails array grows and shrinks as the user interacts with the
form. While the length of the array is dynamic, the structure of the individual
items should be consistent (each item should have the same shape). Fields that
are treated atomically by the UI control Another case where dynamic structure is
acceptable is when a complex object is treated as a single, atomic value by the
UI control. That is, if the control does not attempt to bind to or access any of
its sub-fields individually. In this scenario, the control updates the value by
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4181 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 616>>

performing that update as blocking. Specifically, for every Transition update,
React will call getSnapshot a second time just before applying changes to the
DOM. If it returns a different value than when it was called originally, React
will restart the update from scratch, this time applying it as a blocking
update, to ensure that every component on screen is reflecting the same version
of the store. It’s not recommended to suspend a render based on a store value
returned by useSyncExternalStore . The reason is that mutations to the external
store cannot be marked as non-blocking Transition updates , so they will trigger
the nearest Suspense fallback , replacing already-rendered content on screen
with a loading spinner, which typically makes a poor UX. For example, the
following are discouraged: const LazyProductDetailPage = lazy ( ( ) => import (
'./ProductDetailPage.js' ) ) ; function ShoppingApp ( ) { const
selectedProductId = useSyncExternalStore ( ... ) ; // ❌ Calling `use` with a
Promise dependent on `selectedProductId` const data = use ( fetchItem (
selectedProductId ) ) // ❌ Conditionally rendering a lazy component based on
`selectedProductId` return selectedProductId != null ? < LazyProductDetailPage
/> : < FeaturedProducts /> ; } Usage Subscribing to an external store Most of
your React components will only read data from their props, state, and context.
However, sometimes a component needs to read some data from some store outside
of React that changes over time. This includes: Third-party state management
libraries that hold state outside of React. Browser APIs that expose
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 11010 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 1649>>

is just a heuristic (not a strong rule) that can help us at finding independent
modules. Also, if you think about it, proposed modules have linguistic
boundaries. Credit card means something different for accounting and marketing,
even though it's the same word. In DDD terminology those are called Bounded
Contexts . Those will be our deployment units. Also, this generalization must
take into account if the effect should be immediate or eventual. If it can be
eventually consistent, this heuristic is not that strong, even though there is a
relationship. The last step in DIVIDE part is to identify how modules
communicate with each other. This is so-called context mapping. Here is a list
of some integration strategies: A module sends a query to another module -
Statement module needs to ask Card Operations if there are any withdrawals.
Because if not, it does not issue any statement. A module listens to events sent
by another module - The direct consequence of Money Repaid event is Statement
Closed event. That means that Statements shall subscribe to events thrown by
Card Operations. That was missed at the beginning of Event Storming session.
Context Mapping is actually a moment when we discover a lot of new information A
module fires a command to another module - no such example in our system.
Implement Having functionally decomposed software tremendously helps during its
maintenance. Modular monolith is a good start, but the fact that it is a single
deployment unit might cause problems. All of the modules must be deployed
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 980 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 137>>

{ message } onChange = { e => setMessage ( e . target . value ) } /> < button
type = "submit" > Send </ button > </ form > ) ; } function sendMessage (
message ) { // ... } Show more Here’s what happens when you click the button:
The onSubmit event handler executes. setIsSent(true) sets isSent to true and
queues a new render. React re-renders the component according to the new isSent
value. Let’s take a closer look at the relationship between state and rendering.
Rendering takes a snapshot in time “Rendering” means that React is calling your
component, which is a function. The JSX you return from that function is like a
snapshot of the UI in time. Its props, event handlers, and local variables were
all calculated using its state at the time of the render. Unlike a photograph or
a movie frame, the UI “snapshot” you return is interactive. It includes logic
like event handlers that specify what happens in response to inputs. React
updates the screen to match this snapshot and connects the event handlers. As a
result, pressing a button will trigger the click handler from your JSX. When
React re-renders a component: React calls your function again. Your function
returns a new JSX snapshot. React then updates the screen to match the snapshot
your function returned. React executing the function Calculating the snapshot
Updating the DOM tree Illustrated by Rachel Lee Nabors As a component’s memory,
state is not like a regular variable that disappears
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2292 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 310>>

forwardRef isValidElement PureComponent API Reference Copy page Copy Built-in
React APIs In addition to Hooks and Components , the react package exports a few
other APIs that are useful for defining components. This page lists all the
remaining modern React APIs. createContext lets you define and provide context
to the child components. Used with useContext . lazy lets you defer loading a
component’s code until it’s rendered for the first time. memo lets your
component skip re-renders with same props. Used with useMemo and useCallback .
startTransition lets you mark a state update as non-urgent. Similar to
useTransition . act lets you wrap renders and interactions in tests to ensure
updates have processed before making assertions. Resource APIs Resources can be
accessed by a component without having them as part of their state. For example,
a component can read a message from a Promise or read styling information from a
context. To read a value from a resource, use this API: use lets you read the
value of a resource like a Promise or context . function MessageComponent ( {
messagePromise } ) { const message = use ( messagePromise ) ; const theme = use
( ThemeContext ) ; // ... } Previous <ViewTransition> Next act Copyright © Meta
Platforms, Inc no uwu plz uwu? Logo by @sawaratsuki1004 Learn React Quick Start
Installation Describing the UI Adding Interactivity Managing State Escape
Hatches API Reference React APIs React DOM APIs Community Code of Conduct Meet
the Team Docs Contributors Acknowledgements More Blog React Native Privacy Terms
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3481 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 494>>

wrapping a component in memo in other cases. There is no significant harm to
doing that either, so some teams choose to not think about individual cases, and
memoize as much as possible. The downside of this approach is that code becomes
less readable. Also, not all memoization is effective: a single value that’s
“always new” is enough to break memoization for an entire component. In
practice, you can make a lot of memoization unnecessary by following a few
principles: When a component visually wraps other components, let it accept JSX
as children. This way, when the wrapper component updates its own state, React
knows that its children don’t need to re-render. Prefer local state and don’t
lift state up any further than necessary. For example, don’t keep transient
state like forms and whether an item is hovered at the top of your tree or in a
global state library. Keep your rendering logic pure. If re-rendering a
component causes a problem or produces some noticeable visual artifact, it’s a
bug in your component! Fix the bug instead of adding memoization. Avoid
unnecessary Effects that update state. Most performance problems in React apps
are caused by chains of updates originating from Effects that cause your
components to render over and over. Try to remove unnecessary dependencies from
your Effects. For example, instead of memoization, it’s often simpler to move
some object or a function inside an Effect or outside the component. If a
specific interaction still feels laggy, use the React Developer Tools profiler
to see
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 128 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 15>>

in mind. Here are a few strategies that you can use in your application
implementation: Adjust prompts and model parameters (such as temperature ) for
more or less deterministic responses. You can find out more in the prompting
strategies section of ai.google.dev . Use the "human in the loop" strategy where
a human verifies outputs before proceeding in a workflow. Build your application
workflows to allow operators (humans or other models) to verify outputs and
confirm key decisions. Employ tool (or function) calling and schema constraints
to guide and restrict model responses to predefined formats, increasing response
predictability. Even considering these strategies and techniques, sensible
fallbacks should be incorporated in your application design. Follow existing
standards of application resiliency. For example, it is not acceptable for an
application to crash if a resource or API is not available. In that scenario, an
error message is displayed to the user and, if applicable, options for next
steps are also displayed. Building AI-powered applications requires the same
consideration. Confirm that the response is aligned with the expected output and
provide a "safe landing" in case it is not aligned by way of graceful
degradation . This also applies to API outages for LLM providers. Consider this
example: The LLM provider is not responding. A potential strategy to handle the
outage is: Save the response from the user to use in a retry scenario (now or at
a later time) Alert the user to the outage with an appropriate message that
doesn't reveal sensitive information Resume the conversation at
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1026 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 146>>

“Name” and “Price” labels) isn’t its own component. This is a matter of
preference, and you could go either way. For this example, it is a part of
ProductTable because it appears inside the ProductTable ’s list. However, if
this header grows to be complex (e.g., if you add sorting), you can move it into
its own ProductTableHeader component. Now that you’ve identified the components
in the mockup, arrange them into a hierarchy. Components that appear within
another component in the mockup should appear as a child in the hierarchy:
FilterableProductTable SearchBar ProductTable ProductCategoryRow ProductRow Step
2: Build a static version in React Now that you have your component hierarchy,
it’s time to implement your app. The most straightforward approach is to build a
version that renders the UI from your data model without adding any
interactivity… yet! It’s often easier to build the static version first and add
interactivity later. Building a static version requires a lot of typing and no
thinking, but adding interactivity requires a lot of thinking and not a lot of
typing. To build a static version of your app that renders your data model,
you’ll want to build components that reuse other components and pass data using
props. Props are a way of passing data from parent to child. (If you’re familiar
with the concept of state , don’t use state at all to build this static version.
State is reserved only for interactivity, that is, data that changes over time.
Since this is a static version of the app,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 11011 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 1649>>

monolith is a good start, but the fact that it is a single deployment unit might
cause problems. All of the modules must be deployed together. In some
enterprises going with microservices may be a better option. Please refer to
this article by Nate Shutta in order to learn more about when this decision is
right. Let's assume that our example fits microservice architecture. Each module
can be a separate Spring Boot application. We know the boundaries of the
modules. Different architectural styles can be applied in each of them. The
places which contain the most business logic should be implemented with careful
attention. On the other hand, there are some modules which are clear and simple.
How to find both? Look for spots with a lot of yellow notes (invariants). This
is where we have much logic in between a command and eventual event. System
needs to process complex commands here. This is where we expect sudden changes
and where we probably build competitive advantage. We want to apply special care
here, thus for example apply the Domain-Driven Design techniques or hexagonal
architecture. Look for spots that contain a few or zero yellow notes. Those are
clear and easy to implement. There is almost nothing in between a command and an
event, the system does not need to do anything complex here. The only job here
is to interact with the database so we should be careful and try to avoid
accidental complexity there. That knowledge is a very important architectural
driver that can make
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 5913 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 857>>

developers to know how concurrency works under the hood. However, Concurrent
React is more important than a typical implementation detail — it’s a
foundational update to React’s core rendering model. So while it’s not super
important to know how concurrency works, it may be worth knowing what it is at a
high level. A key property of Concurrent React is that rendering is
interruptible. When you first upgrade to React 18, before adding any concurrent
features, updates are rendered the same as in previous versions of React — in a
single, uninterrupted, synchronous transaction. With synchronous rendering, once
an update starts rendering, nothing can interrupt it until the user can see the
result on screen. In a concurrent render, this is not always the case. React may
start rendering an update, pause in the middle, then continue later. It may even
abandon an in-progress render altogether. React guarantees that the UI will
appear consistent even if a render is interrupted. To do this, it waits to
perform DOM mutations until the end, once the entire tree has been evaluated.
With this capability, React can prepare new screens in the background without
blocking the main thread. This means the UI can respond immediately to user
input even if it’s in the middle of a large rendering task, creating a fluid
user experience. Another example is reusable state. Concurrent React can remove
sections of the UI from the screen, then add them back later while reusing the
previous state. For example, when a user tabs away from a
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 7412 <<"chunk_id": 14, "docno": 1124>>

expected template. If you have this problem, you can reorder the classpath in
the IDE to place the module’s classes and resources first. Error Handling By
default, Spring Boot provides an /error mapping that handles all errors in a
sensible way, and it is registered as a “global” error page in the servlet
container. For machine clients, it produces a JSON response with details of the
error, the HTTP status, and the exception message. For browser clients, there is
a “whitelabel” error view that renders the same data in HTML format (to
customize it, add a View that resolves to error ). There are a number of
spring.web.error properties that can be set if you want to customize the default
error handling behavior. See the Web Properties section of the Appendix. To
replace the default behavior completely, you can implement ErrorController and
register a bean definition of that type or add a bean of type ErrorAttributes to
use the existing mechanism but replace the contents. The BasicErrorController
can be used as a base class for a custom ErrorController . This is particularly
useful if you want to add a handler for a new content type (the default is to
handle text/html specifically and provide a fallback for everything else). To do
so, extend BasicErrorController , add a public method with a @RequestMapping
that has a produces attribute, and create a bean of your new type. As of Spring
Framework 6.0, RFC 9457 Problem Details is supported. Spring MVC can produce
custom error messages with the application/problem+json
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4698 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 685>>

camelCase , for example fontWeight instead of font-weight . You can pass strings
or numbers as values. If you pass a number, like width: 100 , React will
automatically append px (“pixels”) to the value unless it’s a unitless property.
We recommend using style only for dynamic styles where you don’t know the style
values ahead of time. In other cases, applying plain CSS classes with className
is more efficient. Read more about className and style . These standard DOM
props are also supported for all built-in components: accessKey : A string.
Specifies a keyboard shortcut for the element. Not generally recommended. aria-*
: ARIA attributes let you specify the accessibility tree information for this
element. See ARIA attributes for a complete reference. In React, all ARIA
attribute names are exactly the same as in HTML. autoCapitalize : A string.
Specifies whether and how the user input should be capitalized. className : A
string. Specifies the element’s CSS class name. Read more about applying CSS
styles. contentEditable : A boolean. If true , the browser lets the user edit
the rendered element directly. This is used to implement rich text input
libraries like Lexical. React warns if you try to pass React children to an
element with contentEditable={true} because React will not be able to update its
content after user edits. data-* : Data attributes let you attach some string
data to the element, for example data-fruit="banana" . In React, they are not
commonly used because you would usually read data from props or state instead.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23545 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 3553>>

the user detail page that displays the user with id 42. There is no issue when
the user initially loads the index page and then navigates to that URL from
within a running client. The Angular router performs the navigation client-side
and does not request a new HTML page. But clicking a deep link in an email,
entering it in the browser address bar, or even refreshing the browser while
already on the deep linked page will all be handled by the browser itself,
outside the running application. The browser makes a direct request to the
server for /users/42 , bypassing Angular's router. A static server routinely
returns index.html when it receives a request for http://my-app.test/ . But most
servers by default will reject http://my-app.test/users/42 and returns a 404 -
Not Found error unless it is configured to return index.html instead. Configure
the fallback route or 404 page to index.html for your server, so Angular is
served for deep links and can display the correct route. Some servers call this
fallback behavior "Single-Page Application" (SPA) mode. Once the browser loads
the application, Angular router will read the URL to determine which page it is
on and display /users/42 correctly. For "real" 404 pages such as
http://my-app.test/does-not-exist , the server does not require any additional
configuration. 404 pages implemented in the Angular router will be displayed
correctly. Requesting data from a different server (CORS) Web developers may
encounter a cross-origin resource sharing error when making a network request to
a server other than the application's own host
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22742 <<"chunk_id": 35, "docno": 3382>>

the UI server into a reverse proxy to the backend resource server, fixing the
issues with the last implementation (technical complexity introduced by custom
token authentication), and giving us a lot of new options for controlling access
from the browser client. Reminder: if you are working through this section with
the sample application, be sure to clear your browser cache of cookies and HTTP
Basic credentials. In Chrome the best way to do that for a single server is to
open a new incognito window. Creating an API Gateway An API Gateway is a single
point of entry (and control) for front end clients, which could be browser based
(like the examples in this section) or mobile. The client only has to know the
URL of one server, and the backend can be refactored at will with no change,
which is a significant advantage. There are other advantages in terms of
centralization and control: rate limiting, authentication, auditing and logging.
And implementing a simple reverse proxy is really simple with Spring Cloud . If
you were following along in the code, you will know that the application
implementation at the end of the last section was a bit complicated, so it’s not
a great place to iterate away from. There was, however, a halfway point which we
could start from more easily, where the backend resource wasn’t yet secured with
Spring Security. The source code for this is a separate project in Github so we
are going to start from there. It has a UI server
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1413 <<"chunk_id": 19, "docno": 174>>

: 2 , name : 'Bob' , email : 'bob@mail.com' } ] ; Show more Deep Dive Preserving
state for removed components Show Details In a real chat app, you’d probably
want to recover the input state when the user selects the previous recipient
again. There are a few ways to keep the state “alive” for a component that’s no
longer visible: You could render all chats instead of just the current one, but
hide all the others with CSS. The chats would not get removed from the tree, so
their local state would be preserved. This solution works great for simple UIs.
But it can get very slow if the hidden trees are large and contain a lot of DOM
nodes. You could lift the state up and hold the pending message for each
recipient in the parent component. This way, when the child components get
removed, it doesn’t matter, because it’s the parent that keeps the important
information. This is the most common solution. You might also use a different
source in addition to React state. For example, you probably want a message
draft to persist even if the user accidentally closes the page. To implement
this, you could have the Chat component initialize its state by reading from the
localStorage , and save the drafts there too. No matter which strategy you pick,
a chat with Alice is conceptually distinct from a chat with Bob , so it makes
sense to give a key to the <Chat> tree based on the current recipient.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1774 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 222>>

mix build-time, server-only, and interactive components in a single React tree.
RSC can improve performance, but it currently requires deep expertise to set up
and maintain. See Parcel’s RSC examples . Your rendering strategies need to
integrate with your router so apps built with your framework can choose the
rendering strategy on a per-route level. This will enable different rendering
strategies without having to rewrite your whole app. For example, the landing
page for your app might benefit from being statically generated (SSG), while a
page with a content feed might perform best with server-side rendering. Using
the right rendering strategy for the right routes can decrease the time it takes
for the first byte of content to be loaded ( Time to First Byte ), the first
piece of content to render ( First Contentful Paint ), and the largest visible
content of the app to render ( Largest Contentful Paint ). And more… These are
just a few examples of the features a new app will need to consider when
building from scratch. Many limitations you’ll hit can be difficult to solve as
each problem is interconnected with the others and can require deep expertise in
problem areas you may not be familiar with. If you don’t want to solve these
problems on your own, you can get started with a framework that provides these
features out of the box. Previous Creating a React App Next Add React to an
Existing Project Copyright © Meta Platforms, Inc no uwu plz uwu? Logo by
@sawaratsuki1004
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 26579 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4273>>

particular feature or concern into a single, self-contained unit. The code in
that unit should not take on any other responsibility. For example, the business
logic of a web service should be in one class while the handling of SOAP
messages should be in another: the business logic and SOAP handling are two
different concerns. The real beauty of this pattern is that you can aggregate
these units into coarser-grained concerns, so you end up using the pattern at
multiple levels. For example, say that the web service mentioned above provides
a blog-like feature. You could package the business logic, SOAP gateway, and
perhaps a REST interface all into a single unit that can be reused. The standard
form of packaging for such coarse-grained features in the Java world is the Java
ARchive (JAR). If you're already a Grails developer, you will know that your
Grails applications can use such JAR files. But they don't help when it comes to
controllers, domain classes, and other special Grails "artifacts". Fortunately,
we have a ready-made unit that can help: the Grails plugin. Ryan Geyer has
written a great post demonstrating how to use a plugin to provide a reusable
domain model and why you might want to do so. Here's another example in
diagrammatic form: We package a blog feature into one plugin and a payment
processing feature into another. The idea here is that multiple applications are
likely to use the same payment processing code and some may also require a blog
feature. You can also package
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 906 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 129>>

re-render. You can pass the next state directly, or a function that calculates
it from the previous state: const [ name , setName ] = useState ( 'Edward' ) ;
function handleClick ( ) { setName ( 'Taylor' ) ; setAge ( a => a + 1 ) ; // ...
Parameters nextState : The value that you want the state to be. It can be a
value of any type, but there is a special behavior for functions. If you pass a
function as nextState , it will be treated as an updater function . It must be
pure, should take the pending state as its only argument, and should return the
next state. React will put your updater function in a queue and re-render your
component. During the next render, React will calculate the next state by
applying all of the queued updaters to the previous state. See an example below.
Returns set functions do not have a return value. Caveats The set function only
updates the state variable for the next render . If you read the state variable
after calling the set function, you will still get the old value that was on the
screen before your call. If the new value you provide is identical to the
current state , as determined by an Object.is comparison, React will skip
re-rendering the component and its children. This is an optimization. Although
in some cases React may still need to call your component before skipping the
children, it shouldn’t affect your code. React
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3419 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 483>>

process has the ability to load and run additional arbitrary code by using
eval() (or its equivalents). All code with file system write access may achieve
the same thing by writing to new or existing files that are loaded. Examples An
attacker compromises the maintainer account of a popular logging library and
ships a new minor version that exfiltrates environment variables (for example,
database passwords or access tokens) to a remote server when the logger is
initialized. A typosquatting package with a name similar to a well-known
framework is published to the npm registry. When installed, it runs a
postinstall script that sends SSH keys from the developer's machine to an
attacker-controlled endpoint. Be sure to pin dependency versions and run
automatic checks for vulnerabilities using common workflows or npm scripts.
Before installing a package make sure that this package is maintained and
includes all the content you expected. Be careful, the GitHub source code is not
always the same as the published one, validate it in the node_modules . Supply
chain attacks A supply chain attack on a Node.js application happens when one of
its dependencies (either direct or transitive) are compromised. This can happen
either due to the application being too lax on the specification of the
dependencies (allowing for unwanted updates) and/or common typos in the
specification (vulnerable to typosquatting ). An attacker who takes control of
an upstream package can publish a new version with malicious code in it. If a
Node.js application depends on that package without being strict on which
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 18946 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 2701>>

while a navigation is executing. After a navigation completes, the router writes
an object containing this value together with a navigationId to history.state .
The value is written when location.go() or location.replaceState() is called
before activating this route. Note that history.state does not pass an object
equality test because the router adds the navigationId on each navigation. info
unknown Use this to convey transient information about this particular
navigation, such as how it happened. In this way, it's different from the
persisted value state that will be set to history.state . This object is
assigned directly to the Router's current Navigation (it is not copied or
cloned), so it should be mutated with caution. One example of how this might be
used is to trigger different single-page navigation animations depending on how
a certain route was reached. For example, consider a photo gallery app, where
you can reach the same photo URL and state via various routes: Clicking on it in
a gallery view Clicking "next" or "previous" when viewing another photo in the
album Etc. Each of these wants a different animation at navigate time. This
information doesn't make sense to store in the persistent URL or history entry
state, but it's still important to communicate from the rest of the application,
into the router. This information could be used in coordination with the View
Transitions feature and the onViewTransitionCreated callback. The information
might be used in the callback to set classes on the document in order to control
the transition animations and remove the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6100 <<"chunk_id": 10, "docno": 882>>

effects. Instead, React will throw away the new tree completely, wait for the
asynchronous operation to finish, and then retry rendering again from scratch.
React will render the retry attempt concurrently, and without blocking the
browser. Layout Effects with Suspense : When a tree re-suspends and reverts to a
fallback, React will now clean up layout effects, and then re-create them when
the content inside the boundary is shown again. This fixes an issue which
prevented component libraries from correctly measuring layout when used with
Suspense. New JS Environment Requirements : React now depends on modern browsers
features including Promise , Symbol , and Object.assign . If you support older
browsers and devices such as Internet Explorer which do not provide modern
browser features natively or have non-compliant implementations, consider
including a global polyfill in your bundled application. Other Notable Changes
React Components can now render undefined : React no longer warns if you return
undefined from a component. This makes the allowed component return values
consistent with values that are allowed in the middle of a component tree. We
suggest to use a linter to prevent mistakes like forgetting a return statement
before JSX. In tests, act warnings are now opt-in: If you’re running end-to-end
tests, the act warnings are unnecessary. We’ve introduced an opt-in mechanism so
you can enable them only for unit tests where they are useful and beneficial. No
warning about setState on unmounted components: Previously, React warned about
memory leaks when you call setState on an unmounted component. This warning was
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 19090 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 2745>>

considered a dependency of conditionalCount . Reactive contexts A reactive
context is a runtime state where Angular monitors signal reads to establish a
dependency. The code reading the signal is the consumer , and the signal being
read is the producer . Angular automatically enters a reactive context when:
Executing an effect , afterRenderEffect callback. Evaluating a computed signal.
Evaluating a linkedSignal . Evaluating a resource 's params or loader function.
Rendering a component template (including bindings in the host property ).
During these operations, Angular creates a live connection. If a tracked signal
changes, Angular will eventually re-run the consumer. Asserts the reactive
context Angular provides the assertNotInReactiveContext helper function to
assert that code is not executing within a reactive context. Pass a reference to
the calling function so the error message points to the correct API entry point
if the assertion fails. This produces a clearer, more actionable error message
than a generic reactive context error. import { assertNotInReactiveContext }
from '@angular/core' ; function subscribeToEvents () {
assertNotInReactiveContext (subscribeToEvents); // Safe to proceed -
subscription logic here } Reading without tracking dependencies Rarely, you may
want to execute code which may read signals within a reactive function such as
computed or effect without creating a dependency. For example, suppose that when
currentUser changes, the value of a counter should be logged. You could create
an effect which reads both signals: effect (() => { console. log ( `User set to
${ currentUser () } and the counter is ${ counter () }` ); });
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3038 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 424>>

These <select> props are relevant both for uncontrolled and controlled select
boxes: autoComplete : A string. Specifies one of the possible autocomplete
behaviors. autoFocus : A boolean. If true , React will focus the element on
mount. children : <select> accepts <option> , <optgroup> , and <datalist>
components as children. You can also pass your own components as long as they
eventually render one of the allowed components. If you pass your own components
that eventually render <option> tags, each <option> you render must have a value
. disabled : A boolean. If true , the select box will not be interactive and
will appear dimmed. form : A string. Specifies the id of the <form> this select
box belongs to. If omitted, it’s the closest parent form. multiple : A boolean.
If true , the browser allows multiple selection. name : A string. Specifies the
name for this select box that’s submitted with the form. onChange : An Event
handler function. Required for controlled select boxes. Fires immediately when
the user picks a different option. Behaves like the browser input event.
onChangeCapture : A version of onChange that fires in the capture phase. onInput
: An Event handler function. Fires immediately when the value is changed by the
user. For historical reasons, in React it is idiomatic to use onChange instead
which works similarly. onInputCapture : A version of onInput that fires in the
capture phase. onInvalid : An Event handler function. Fires if an input fails
validation on form submit. Unlike the built-in invalid
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 767 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 112>>

would get confusing. The second file would become the first file, the third file
would be the second file, and so on. File names in a folder and JSX keys in an
array serve a similar purpose. They let us uniquely identify an item between its
siblings. A well-chosen key provides more information than the position within
the array. Even if the position changes due to reordering, the key lets React
identify the item throughout its lifetime. Pitfall You might be tempted to use
an item’s index in the array as its key. In fact, that’s what React will use if
you don’t specify a key at all. But the order in which you render items will
change over time if an item is inserted, deleted, or if the array gets
reordered. Index as a key often leads to subtle and confusing bugs. Similarly,
do not generate keys on the fly, e.g. with key={Math.random()} . This will cause
keys to never match up between renders, leading to all your components and DOM
being recreated every time. Not only is this slow, but it will also lose any
user input inside the list items. Instead, use a stable ID based on the data.
Note that your components won’t receive key as a prop. It’s only used as a hint
by React itself. If your component needs an ID, you have to pass it as a
separate prop: <Profile key={id} userId={id} /> . Recap On this page you
learned: How to move data out of components and into
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 8888 <<"chunk_id": 41, "docno": 1384>>

than once an error will be returned. This API can be called even if there is a
pending JavaScript exception. References to values with a lifespan longer than
that of the native method # In some cases, an addon will need to be able to
create and reference values with a lifespan longer than that of a single native
method invocation. For example, to create a constructor and later use that
constructor in a request to create instances, it must be possible to reference
the constructor object across many different instance creation requests. This
would not be possible with a normal handle returned as a napi_value as described
in the earlier section. The lifespan of a normal handle is managed by scopes and
all scopes must be closed before the end of a native method. Node-API provides
methods for creating persistent references to values. Currently Node-API only
allows references to be created for a limited set of value types, including
object, external, function, and symbol. Each reference has an associated count
with a value of 0 or higher, which determines whether the reference will keep
the corresponding value alive. References with a count of 0 do not prevent
values from being collected. Values of object (object, function, external) and
symbol types are becoming 'weak' references and can still be accessed while they
are not collected. Any count greater than 0 will prevent the values from being
collected. Symbol values have different flavors. The true weak reference
behavior is only supported by local symbols created with the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 28855 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 4780>>

an example to show the effect of that optimization in a quite extreme example
consisting of 2,000 entities, 2,000 repositories and 2,000 beans that depend on
the repositories. Using the deferred mode cuts off about a third (~12 seconds)
of the startup time. The lazy one even takes away another third (~22 seconds
better than the default). Controlling HTTP method exposure in Spring Data REST
We finish with a look at a feature in Spring Data REST that had been requested
for a while. In Spring Data REST, the decision about which HTTP methods are
supported for which resource type exposed is, by default driven by the declared
CRUD methods. However, there are certain cases in which the presence of a single
repository method causes multiple resource-HTTP-method combinations to be
enabled. For example, the save(…) method exposed on a repository causes POST to
be supported on the collection resources as well as PUT for both update and
creation of the item resource. Spring Data Lovelace has a new
ExposureConfiguration (obtainable from a RepositoryRestConfiguration ), which
allows fine grained control over which methods are supposed to be exposed:
ExposureConfiguration config = restConfiguration.getExposureConfiguration();
config.withItemExposure((metadata, httpMethods) ->
httpMethods.disable(HttpMethod.PATCH));
config.forDomainType(User.class).disablePutForCreation(); As you can see, the
configuration options come in two flavors: A global one (shown first) that
allows control over collection, item, and association resource exposure by using
a lambda over a ResourceMapping and ConfigurableHttpMethods . A type-specific
one as shown below. Some setup details, such as disabling the (enabled by
default) ability to create entities by using PUT requests
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3910 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 571>>

are no-referrer-when-downgrade (the default), no-referrer , origin ,
origin-when-cross-origin , and unsafe-url . fetchPriority : a string. Suggests a
relative priority for fetching the resource. The possible values are auto (the
default), high , and low . hrefLang : a string. The language of the linked
resource. integrity : a string. A cryptographic hash of the resource, to verify
its authenticity . type : a string. The MIME type of the linked resource. Props
that are not recommended for use with React: blocking : a string. If set to
"render" , instructs the browser not to render the page until the stylesheet is
loaded. React provides more fine-grained control using Suspense. Special
rendering behavior React will always place the DOM element corresponding to the
<link> component within the document’s <head> , regardless of where in the React
tree it is rendered. The <head> is the only valid place for <link> to exist
within the DOM, yet it’s convenient and keeps things composable if a component
representing a specific page can render <link> components itself. There are a
few exceptions to this: If the <link> has a rel="stylesheet" prop, then it has
to also have a precedence prop to get this special behavior. This is because the
order of stylesheets within the document is significant, so React needs to know
how to order this stylesheet relative to others, which you specify using the
precedence prop. If the precedence prop is omitted, there is no special
behavior. If the <link> has an itemProp prop, there is no special
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6002 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 870>>

like a colleague or a friend might explain. It shows the canonical scenarios for
how each API was meant to be used by the React team. We’ve added color-coded
snippets, examples of using different APIs together, and recipes that you can
copy and paste from: Basic useState examples 1 . Counter (number) 2 . Text field
(string) 3 . Checkbox (boolean) 4 . Form (two variables) Example 1 of 4 :
Counter (number) In this example, the count state variable holds a number.
Clicking the button increments it. App.js App.js Reload Clear Fork import {
useState } from 'react' ; export default function Counter ( ) { const [ count ,
setCount ] = useState ( 0 ) ; function handleClick ( ) { setCount ( count + 1 )
; } return ( < button onClick = { handleClick } > You pressed me { count } times
</ button > ) ; } Next Example Some API pages also include Troubleshooting (for
common problems) and Alternatives (for deprecated APIs). We hope that this
approach will make the API reference useful not only as a way to look up an
argument, but as a way to see all the different things you can do with any given
API—and how it connects to the other ones. What’s next? That’s a wrap for our
little tour! Have a look around the new website, see what you like or don’t
like, and keep the feedback coming in our issue tracker . We acknowledge this
project has taken a
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4363 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 640>>

; } Show more Note If either the mounted or unmounted side of a pair is outside
the viewport, then no pair is formed. This ensures that it doesn’t fly in or out
of the viewport when something is scrolled. Instead it’s treated as a regular
enter/exit by itself. This does not happen if the same Component instance
changes position, which triggers an “update”. Those animate regardless of
whether one position is outside the viewport. There is a known case where if a
deeply nested unmounted <ViewTransition> is inside the viewport but the mounted
side is not within the viewport, then the unmounted side animates as its own
“exit” animation even if it’s deeply nested instead of as part of the parent
animation. Pitfall It’s important that there’s only one thing with the same name
mounted at a time in the entire app. Therefore it’s important to use unique
namespaces for the name to avoid conflicts. To ensure you can do this you might
want to add a constant in a separate module that you import. export const
MY_NAME = "my-globally-unique-name" ; import { MY_NAME } from './shared-name' ;
... < ViewTransition name = { MY_NAME } > Animating reorder of items in a list
items . map ( ( item ) => < Component key = { item . id } item = { item } /> ) ;
When reordering a list, without updating the content, the “update” animation
triggers on each <ViewTransition> in the list if they’re outside a DOM node.
Similar to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 852 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 123>>

its children. Now the comment field will clear out automatically when navigating
between profiles. Note that in this example, only the outer ProfilePage
component is exported and visible to other files in the project. Components
rendering ProfilePage don’t need to pass the key to it: they pass userId as a
regular prop. The fact ProfilePage passes it as a key to the inner Profile
component is an implementation detail. Adjusting some state when a prop changes
Sometimes, you might want to reset or adjust a part of the state on a prop
change, but not all of it. This List component receives a list of items as a
prop, and maintains the selected item in the selection state variable. You want
to reset the selection to null whenever the items prop receives a different
array: function List ( { items } ) { const [ isReverse , setIsReverse ] =
useState ( false ) ; const [ selection , setSelection ] = useState ( null ) ; //
🔴 Avoid: Adjusting state on prop change in an Effect useEffect ( ( ) => {
setSelection ( null ) ; } , [ items ] ) ; // ... } This, too, is not ideal.
Every time the items change, the List and its child components will render with
a stale selection value at first. Then React will update the DOM and run the
Effects. Finally, the setSelection(null) call will cause another re-render of
the List and its child components, restarting this whole process again. Start by
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 14840 <<"chunk_id": 399, "docno": 2234>>

component of the given pathname existed, but was not a directory as expected.
Commonly raised by fs.readdir . ENOTEMPTY (Directory not empty): A directory
with entries was the target of an operation that requires an empty directory,
usually fs.unlink . ENOTFOUND (DNS lookup failed): Indicates a DNS failure of
either EAI_NODATA or EAI_NONAME . This is not a standard POSIX error. EPERM
(Operation not permitted): An attempt was made to perform an operation that
requires elevated privileges. EPIPE (Broken pipe): A write on a pipe, socket, or
FIFO for which there is no process to read the data. Commonly encountered at the
net and http layers, indicative that the remote side of the stream being written
to has been closed. ETIMEDOUT (Operation timed out): A connect or send request
failed because the connected party did not properly respond after a period of
time. Usually encountered by http or net . Often a sign that a socket.end() was
not properly called. Class: TypeError # Extends <errors.Error> Indicates that a
provided argument is not an allowable type. For example, passing a function to a
parameter which expects a string would be a TypeError . require ( 'node:url' ) .
parse ( () => { } ) ; // Throws TypeError, since it expected a string. js copy
Node.js will generate and throw TypeError instances immediately as a form of
argument validation. Exceptions vs. errors # A JavaScript exception is a value
that is thrown as a result of an invalid operation or as the target of a throw
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23017 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 3413>>

the UI control understands to mean "empty" (e.g. "" for a <input type="text"> ).
If you're designing a custom UI control, null often works as a good value to
signify "empty". Prefer Appropriate empty values interface UserFormModel { name
: string ; // Bound to <input type="text"> birthday : Date | null ; // Bound to
<input type="date"> } // Initialize our form with empty values. form ( signal
({name: '' , birthday: null })); Avoid models with dynamic structure A form
model has a dynamic structure if it changes shape (if the properties on the
object change) based on its value. This happens when the model type allows for
values with different shapes, such as a union of object types that have
different properties, or a union of an object and a primitive. The following
sections examine a few common scenarios where models with a dynamic structure
might seem appealing, but ultimately prove problematic. Empty value for a
complex object We often use forms to ask users to enter brand new data, rather
than edit existing data in a system. A good example of this is an account
creation form. We might model that using the following form model. interface
CreateAccountFormModel { name : { first : string ; last : string ; }; username :
string ; } When creating the form we encounter a dilemma, what should the
initial value in the model be? It may be tempting to create a
form<CreateAccountFormModel | null>() since we don't have any input from the
user
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3819 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 556>>

indicators . Returns startTransition does not return anything. Caveats
useTransition is a Hook, so it can only be called inside components or custom
Hooks. If you need to start a Transition somewhere else (for example, from a
data library), call the standalone startTransition instead. You can wrap an
update into a Transition only if you have access to the set function of that
state. If you want to start a Transition in response to some prop or a custom
Hook value, try useDeferredValue instead. The function you pass to
startTransition is called immediately, marking all state updates that happen
while it executes as Transitions. If you try to perform state updates in a
setTimeout , for example, they won’t be marked as Transitions. You must wrap any
state updates after any async requests in another startTransition to mark them
as Transitions. This is a known limitation that we will fix in the future (see
Troubleshooting ). The startTransition function has a stable identity, so you
will often see it omitted from Effect dependencies, but including it will not
cause the Effect to fire. If the linter lets you omit a dependency without
errors, it is safe to do. Learn more about removing Effect dependencies. A state
update marked as a Transition will be interrupted by other state updates. For
example, if you update a chart component inside a Transition, but then start
typing into an input while the chart is in the middle of a re-render, React will
restart the rendering work on the chart component
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 910 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 129>>

) ; // setAge(43 => 44) setAge ( a => a + 1 ) ; // setAge(44 => 45) } Here, a =>
a + 1 is your updater function. It takes the pending state and calculates the
next state from it. React puts your updater functions in a queue. Then, during
the next render, it will call them in the same order: a => a + 1 will receive 42
as the pending state and return 43 as the next state. a => a + 1 will receive 43
as the pending state and return 44 as the next state. a => a + 1 will receive 44
as the pending state and return 45 as the next state. There are no other queued
updates, so React will store 45 as the current state in the end. By convention,
it’s common to name the pending state argument for the first letter of the state
variable name, like a for age . However, you may also call it like prevAge or
something else that you find clearer. React may call your updaters twice in
development to verify that they are pure. Deep Dive Is using an updater always
preferred? Show Details You might hear a recommendation to always write code
like setAge(a => a + 1) if the state you’re setting is calculated from the
previous state. There is no harm in it, but it is also not always necessary. In
most cases, there is no difference between these two approaches. React always
makes sure that
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 24321 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 3732>>

interact with other applications. The user elects to grant these permissions to
the app or to not install it. The permissions required or requested by an app
are defined in each app's Android Manifest file. This is an XML file that lists
all the components of the app, and any settings for those components. The four
types of application components are activities , services , content providers ,
and broadcast receivers . For the purposes of this post, I will be focusing on
activities. Activities basically represent a single screen of an Android
application. For example, a Twitter app may have a login screen, a screen with a
list of tweets, and a screen for authoring a new tweet. Each of these screens
represent different activities within the application. As a developer you never
instantiate an activity object yourself. Activities are activated by sending an
asynchronous message called an Intent , as seen in the example below.
startActivity(new Intent(context, HomeActivity.class)); When
startActivity(Intent intent) is called, the system either creates a new instance
or reuses an existing one in order to display the activity to the user. The
important point is that the system controls the starting and stopping, and
creation and destroying of the application and each activity. If you want to
interact with this process, then the application and activity classes provide
methods for different lifecycle events that you can override in a subclass.
Dependency Injection The Spring Android project recently reached its fourth
milestone release. With that release we have continued to improve upon
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 17864 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 2404>>

do we try to solve? Let's take a concrete example, and say we are using a
library that provides a TokenExtractor interface defined as follow: interface
TokenExtractor { /** * Extract a token from a {@link String}. * @param input the
input to process * @return the extracted token */ String extractToken(String
input); } If for some reason the implementation returns null , the access to a
null reference in token.length() like below causes a NullPointerException which
typically ends up at runtime in producing an HTTP response with a 500 Internal
Server Error status code. package com.example; String token =
extractor.extractToken("..."); System.out.println("The token has a length of " +
token.length()); Since this error could happen only in some cases (for example
with very specific inputs that have not been tested), this can be detected
pretty late in production, generating end-user frustration or even preventing
transactions to happen, reducing your company revenue, damaging your brand and
involving latency and cost to fix. This kind of error is so frequent that the
inventor of null references himself, Tony Hoare , hyperbolically apologized for
inventing it and called it "my billion-dollar mistake". But as brilliantly
demonstrated by Kotlin , the root issue is not null references by themselves,
but the fact that they are not explicitly specified in the type system. In Java,
non primitive type usage nullness is unspecified. A parameter may accept or not
a null argument. A return value could be nullable or non-null. You don't know
and have to rely on reading the Javadoc or
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1559 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 192>>

the documentation page you’re reading is made out of React components: <
PageLayout > < NavigationHeader > < SearchBar /> < Link to = "/docs" > Docs </
Link > </ NavigationHeader > < Sidebar /> < PageContent > < TableOfContents /> <
DocumentationText /> </ PageContent > </ PageLayout > As your project grows, you
will notice that many of your designs can be composed by reusing components you
already wrote, speeding up your development. Our table of contents above could
be added to any screen with <TableOfContents /> ! You can even jumpstart your
project with the thousands of components shared by the React open source
community like Chakra UI and Material UI. Defining a component Traditionally
when creating web pages, web developers marked up their content and then added
interaction by sprinkling on some JavaScript. This worked great when interaction
was a nice-to-have on the web. Now it is expected for many sites and all apps.
React puts interactivity first while still using the same technology: a React
component is a JavaScript function that you can sprinkle with markup . Here’s
what that looks like (you can edit the example below): App.js App.js Reload
Clear Fork export default function Profile ( ) { return ( < img src =
"https://react.dev/images/docs/scientists/MK3eW3Am.jpg" alt = "Katherine
Johnson" /> ) } And here’s how to build a component: Step 1: Export the
component The export default prefix is a standard JavaScript syntax (not
specific to React). It lets you mark the main function in a file so
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 13487 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 2131>>

simple configuration to directly generate the schema in the database and also to
having schema information as part of the mapping annotations. It's natural to
ask why we chose a different way. There are multiple answers to this question:
Schema changes are potentially dangerous. You can easily do things that you can
recover from only by applying a database backup. We do not think it is a good
thing to condition developers to do this kind of thing without really seeing,
let alone thinking about, the changes they apply. That is why we create the
changes but leave applying the changes as a separate step. Schema changes should
be controlled by version control, and they need to be managed by a dedicated
tool, since they are not idempotent. That is, you cannot reapply a SQL script
that adds a table or column to make sure that column is present. That is why we
chose Liquibase for creating and managing changes. The exact datatypes used in
the database are not relevant for an object relational mapper, such as Spring
Data JDBC. Therefore, this kind of information should not be part of the mapping
annotations used by Spring Data JDBC. Instead, this kind of information should
be derived from your model in a way that is really independent of Spring Data
JDBC. We think the demonstrated meta annotation approach is a good way to do
that. Conclusion With current milestone and upcoming GA releases, Spring Data
JDBC provides a flexible and powerful way to generate database migrations from
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3711 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 535>>

forwardRef isValidElement PureComponent API Reference Copy page Copy Built-in
React Hooks Hooks let you use different React features from your components. You
can either use the built-in Hooks or combine them to build your own. This page
lists all built-in Hooks in React. State Hooks State lets a component “remember”
information like user input. For example, a form component can use state to
store the input value, while an image gallery component can use state to store
the selected image index. To add state to a component, use one of these Hooks:
useState declares a state variable that you can update directly. useReducer
declares a state variable with the update logic inside a reducer function.
function ImageGallery ( ) { const [ index , setIndex ] = useState ( 0 ) ; // ...
Context Hooks Context lets a component receive information from distant parents
without passing it as props. For example, your app’s top-level component can
pass the current UI theme to all components below, no matter how deep.
useContext reads and subscribes to a context. function Button ( ) { const theme
= useContext ( ThemeContext ) ; // ... Ref Hooks Refs let a component hold some
information that isn’t used for rendering, like a DOM node or a timeout ID.
Unlike with state, updating a ref does not re-render your component. Refs are an
“escape hatch” from the React paradigm. They are useful when you need to work
with non-React systems, such as the built-in browser APIs. useRef declares a
ref. You
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 5512 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 804>>

useMemo is noticeably slow, and its dependencies rarely change. You pass it as a
prop to a component wrapped in memo . You want to skip re-rendering if the value
hasn’t changed. Memoization lets your component re-render only when dependencies
aren’t the same. The value you’re passing is later used as a dependency of some
Hook. For example, maybe another useMemo calculation value depends on it. Or
maybe you are depending on this value from useEffect. There is no benefit to
wrapping a calculation in useMemo in other cases. There is no significant harm
to doing that either, so some teams choose to not think about individual cases,
and memoize as much as possible. The downside of this approach is that code
becomes less readable. Also, not all memoization is effective: a single value
that’s “always new” is enough to break memoization for an entire component. In
practice, you can make a lot of memoization unnecessary by following a few
principles: When a component visually wraps other components, let it accept JSX
as children. This way, when the wrapper component updates its own state, React
knows that its children don’t need to re-render. Prefer local state and don’t
lift state up any further than necessary. For example, don’t keep transient
state like forms and whether an item is hovered at the top of your tree or in a
global state library. Keep your rendering logic pure. If re-rendering a
component causes a problem or produces some noticeable visual artifact, it’s a
bug in your component! Fix
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
