Index: 3837 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 519>>

depend on others. Thread Locals ¶ Flask uses thread local objects (context local
objects in fact, they support greenlet contexts as well) for request, session
and an extra object you can put your own things on ( g ). Why is that and isn’t
that a bad idea? Yes it is usually not such a bright idea to use thread locals.
They cause troubles for servers that are not based on the concept of threads and
make large applications harder to maintain. However Flask is just not designed
for large applications or asynchronous servers. Flask wants to make it quick and
easy to write a traditional web application. Async/await and ASGI support ¶
Flask supports async coroutines for view functions by executing the coroutine on
a separate thread instead of using an event loop on the main thread as an
async-first (ASGI) framework would. This is necessary for Flask to remain
backwards compatible with extensions and code built before async was introduced
into Python. This compromise introduces a performance cost compared with the
ASGI frameworks, due to the overhead of the threads. Due to how tied to WSGI
Flask’s code is, it’s not clear if it’s possible to make the Flask class support
ASGI and WSGI at the same time. Work is currently being done in Werkzeug to work
with ASGI, which may eventually enable support in Flask as well. See Using async
and await for more discussion. What Flask is, What Flask is Not ¶ Flask will
never have a database layer. It will not
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 32167 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 4263>>

"lucky" in this respect. We had the good fortune to be able to design the
SpringSource dm Server (part of the SpringSource Application Platform) from the
ground up on OSGi, with no legacy to be concerned with. This has enabled us to
exploit OSGi to the full. Other vendors have had to retrofit OSGi into large
existing code bases. I know from first hand experience how difficult it is to
retrospectively try and modularize a large existing code base. If you do manage
to modularize it, making it behave well in a dynamic environment is even harder
(even Eclipse struggles to pull off that latter requirement, often requiring
restarts after updates).Â A characteristic you tend to see in products where
OSGi has been retrofitted are a small number of large bundles (very coarse
grained modularity) and limited dynamic support for managing modules at runtime.
Vendors such as SpringSource, Paremus, and ProSyst go one crucial step further.
Building a server platform on OSGi can only get you so far. What if you actually
want to take advantage of OSGi for building your own applications? For this you
need an OSGi technology-based programming and deployment model. This is where
the true frontier for next generation server platforms is - not in making things
easier for the server vendor to build their platform, but in making things
easier for the application developer to build and deploy their applications onto
that platform. The SpringSource dm Server supports traditional war files, OSGi
bundles, and applications consisting of several bundles (modules) working
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4050 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 555>>

Modular Applications with Blueprints — Flask Documentation (3.1.x) Navigation
index modules | next | previous | Flask Documentation (3.1.x) » Modular
Applications with Blueprints Modular Applications with Blueprints ¶ Changelog
Added in version 0.7. Flask uses a concept of blueprints for making application
components and supporting common patterns within an application or across
applications. Blueprints can greatly simplify how large applications work and
provide a central means for Flask extensions to register operations on
applications. A Blueprint object works similarly to a Flask application object,
but it is not actually an application. Rather it is a blueprint of how to
construct or extend an application. Why Blueprints? ¶ Blueprints in Flask are
intended for these cases: Factor an application into a set of blueprints. This
is ideal for larger applications; a project could instantiate an application
object, initialize several extensions, and register a collection of blueprints.
Register a blueprint on an application at a URL prefix and/or subdomain.
Parameters in the URL prefix/subdomain become common view arguments (with
defaults) across all view functions in the blueprint. Register a blueprint
multiple times on an application with different URL rules. Provide template
filters, static files, templates, and other utilities through blueprints. A
blueprint does not have to implement applications or view functions. Register a
blueprint on an application for any of these cases when initializing a Flask
extension. A blueprint in Flask is not a pluggable app because it is not
actually an application – it’s a set of operations which can be registered on an
application, even
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4051 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 555>>

not a pluggable app because it is not actually an application – it’s a set of
operations which can be registered on an application, even multiple times. Why
not have multiple application objects? You can do that (see Application
Dispatching ), but your applications will have separate configs and will be
managed at the WSGI layer. Blueprints instead provide separation at the Flask
level, share application config, and can change an application object as
necessary with being registered. The downside is that you cannot unregister a
blueprint once an application was created without having to destroy the whole
application object. The Concept of Blueprints ¶ The basic concept of blueprints
is that they record operations to execute when registered on an application.
Flask associates view functions with blueprints when dispatching requests and
generating URLs from one endpoint to another. My First Blueprint ¶ This is what
a very basic blueprint looks like. In this case we want to implement a blueprint
that does simple rendering of static templates: from flask import Blueprint ,
render_template , abort from jinja2 import TemplateNotFound simple_page =
Blueprint ( 'simple_page' , __name__ , template_folder = 'templates' )
@simple_page . route ( '/' , defaults = { 'page' : 'index' }) @simple_page .
route ( '/<page>' ) def show ( page ): try : return render_template ( f 'pages/
{ page } .html' ) except TemplateNotFound : abort ( 404 ) When you bind a
function with the help of the @simple_page.route decorator, the blueprint will
record the intention of registering the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 31970 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4247>>

to our open source projects and SpringSource product offerings. Nothing changes
that is, apart from the fact that we’ll have even more opportunity in the future
to add exciting new features to them. Spring 3.0 is coming soon, and we just
released milestone 4 . dm Server is making rapid progress towards a 2.0 release
, and we have some very cool stuff up our sleeves for a forthcoming release of
tc Server. The Eclipse tool support for Groovy is generating masses of interest,
Grails is pushing on towards a 1.2 release , and exciting things are happening
across our Spring projects. All of this will continue at pace. The power of
blueprints Every Spring-powered application has what we call an “ application
blueprint ”. This blueprint contains a description of all of the components
(beans) that make up the application, how they are configured and connected, how
they interact with the surrounding environment, and how cross-cutting concerns
such as security and transactions should be handled. The blueprint is
represented at runtime by a collection of BeanDefinitions , The BeanDefinitions
are derived from a variety of sources including XML definitions, annotations,
JavaConfig, Groovy DSLs, and any other configuration mechanism that can be
plugged into Spring. It’s the job of the Spring container to take the blueprint
that you have specified for your application and “make it so”. The application
blueprint gives Spring a high degree of insight into the workings of your
application. We’ll come back to that thought... What happens when a
Spring-powered application is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3748 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 505>>

unlimited streams unless the WSGI server indicates support. MAX_FORM_MEMORY_SIZE
or Request.max_form_memory_size controls how large any non-file
multipart/form-data field can be. It is set to 500kB by default. MAX_FORM_PARTS
or Request.max_form_parts controls how many multipart/form-data fields can be
parsed. It is set to 1000 by default. Combined with the default
max_form_memory_size , this means that a form will occupy at most 500MB of
memory. Regardless of these settings, you should also review what settings are
available from your operating system, container deployment (Docker etc), WSGI
server, HTTP server, and hosting platform. They typically have ways to set
process resource limits, timeouts, and other checks regardless of how Flask is
configured. Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) ¶ Cross site scripting is the concept of
injecting arbitrary HTML (and with it JavaScript) into the context of a website.
To remedy this, developers have to properly escape text so that it cannot
include arbitrary HTML tags. For more information on that have a look at the
Wikipedia article on Cross-Site Scripting . Flask configures Jinja to
automatically escape all values unless explicitly told otherwise. This should
rule out all XSS problems caused in templates, but there are still other places
where you have to be careful: generating HTML without the help of Jinja calling
Markup on data submitted by users sending out HTML from uploaded files, never do
that, use the Content-Disposition: attachment header to prevent that problem.
sending out textfiles from uploaded files. Some browsers are using content-type
guessing based on the first few bytes so users could trick a browser
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2849 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 410>>

Flask Extension Development — Flask Documentation (3.1.x) Navigation index
modules | next | previous | Flask Documentation (3.1.x) » Flask Extension
Development Flask Extension Development ¶ Extensions are extra packages that add
functionality to a Flask application. While PyPI contains many Flask extensions,
you may not find one that fits your need. If this is the case, you can create
your own, and publish it for others to use as well. This guide will show how to
create a Flask extension, and some of the common patterns and requirements
involved. Since extensions can do anything, this guide won’t be able to cover
every possibility. The best ways to learn about extensions are to look at how
other extensions you use are written, and discuss with others. Discuss your
design ideas with others on our Discord Chat or GitHub Discussions . The best
extensions share common patterns, so that anyone familiar with using one
extension won’t feel completely lost with another. This can only work if
collaboration happens early. Naming ¶ A Flask extension typically has flask in
its name as a prefix or suffix. If it wraps another library, it should include
the library name as well. This makes it easy to search for extensions, and makes
their purpose clearer. A general Python packaging recommendation is that the
install name from the package index and the name used in import statements
should be related. The import name is lowercase, with words separated by
underscores ( _ ). The install name is either lower case or title
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3838 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 519>>

Using async and await for more discussion. What Flask is, What Flask is Not ¶
Flask will never have a database layer. It will not have a form library or
anything else in that direction. Flask itself just bridges to Werkzeug to
implement a proper WSGI application and to Jinja to handle templating. It also
binds to a few common standard library packages such as logging. Everything else
is up for extensions. Why is this the case? Because people have different
preferences and requirements and Flask could not meet those if it would force
any of this into the core. The majority of web applications will need a template
engine in some sort. However not every application needs a SQL database. As your
codebase grows, you are free to make the design decisions appropriate for your
project. Flask will continue to provide a very simple glue layer to the best
that Python has to offer. You can implement advanced patterns in SQLAlchemy or
another database tool, introduce non-relational data persistence as appropriate,
and take advantage of framework-agnostic tools built for WSGI, the Python web
interface. The idea of Flask is to build a good foundation for all applications.
Everything else is up to you or extensions. Contents Design Decisions in Flask
The Explicit Application Object The Routing System One Template Engine What does
“micro” mean? Thread Locals Async/await and ASGI support What Flask is, What
Flask is Not Navigation Overview Previous: API Next: Flask Extension Development
Quick search © Copyright 2010 Pallets. Created using Sphinx 8.2.3.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3747 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 505>>

Security Considerations — Flask Documentation (3.1.x) Navigation index modules |
next | previous | Flask Documentation (3.1.x) » Security Considerations Security
Considerations ¶ Web applications face many types of potential security
problems, and it can be hard to get everything right, or even to know what
“right” is in general. Flask tries to solve a few of these things by default,
but there are other parts you may have to take care of yourself. Many of these
solutions are tradeoffs, and will depend on each application’s specific needs
and threat model. Many hosting platforms may take care of certain types of
problems without the need for the Flask application to handle them. Resource Use
¶ A common category of attacks is “Denial of Service” (DoS or DDoS). This is a
very broad category, and different variants target different layers in a
deployed application. In general, something is done to increase how much
processing time or memory is used to handle each request, to the point where
there are not enough resources to handle legitimate requests. Flask provides a
few configuration options to handle resource use. They can also be set on
individual requests to customize only that request. The documentation for each
goes into more detail. MAX_CONTENT_LENGTH or Request.max_content_length controls
how much data will be read from a request. It is not set by default, although it
will still block truly unlimited streams unless the WSGI server indicates
support. MAX_FORM_MEMORY_SIZE or Request.max_form_memory_size controls how large
any non-file multipart/form-data field can be. It is set to 500kB
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4413 <<"chunk_id": 0, "docno": 608>>

Application Factories — Flask Documentation (3.1.x) Navigation index modules |
next | previous | Flask Documentation (3.1.x) » Patterns for Flask » Application
Factories Application Factories ¶ If you are already using packages and
blueprints for your application ( Modular Applications with Blueprints ) there
are a couple of really nice ways to further improve the experience. A common
pattern is creating the application object when the blueprint is imported. But
if you move the creation of this object into a function, you can then create
multiple instances of this app later. So why would you want to do this? Testing.
You can have instances of the application with different settings to test every
case. Multiple instances. Imagine you want to run different versions of the same
application. Of course you could have multiple instances with different configs
set up in your webserver, but if you use factories, you can have multiple
instances of the same application running in the same application process which
can be handy. So how would you then actually implement that? Basic Factories ¶
The idea is to set up the application in a function. Like this: def create_app (
config_filename ): app = Flask ( __name__ ) app . config . from_pyfile (
config_filename ) from yourapplication.model import db db . init_app ( app )
from yourapplication.views.admin import admin from
yourapplication.views.frontend import frontend app . register_blueprint ( admin
) app . register_blueprint ( frontend ) return app The downside is that you
cannot use the application object in the blueprints at
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27339 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 3954>>

unable to articulate source code to the business in the terms that they
understand, that functionality becomes ornamental and difficult to change or
replace. Even the most complex domains can be divided into… Smaller but still
quite complex subdomains (so-called core domains) - this is probably the largest
competitive advantage of our enterprise hence, we invest much effort there.
Simple and understandable subdomains that might not be unique to our enterprise
(so-called generic subdomains) - we need them for our enterprise to operate but
it does not give our customers competitive advantage. Think about inventory or
invoicing. Our users will not come back attracted by even the prettiest
invoices. Identifying those smaller products gives us a first draft of how to
organize our code into modules. Each subdomain equals separate module.
Understanding distinction between core and generic domains helps us see that
they probably need different architectural style. Fortunately, there are a lot
of ingredients we can pick and choose from! The example From this place I am
happy to announce that together with my friend Michał Michaluk , we've created
an initiative called #dddbyexamples. The purpose of the initiative is to bridge
the many different parts of the Spring ecosystem with the interests of DDD
enthusiasts. You can check our samples here . So far, there are two samples. One
sample focuses on Event Sourcing and Command Query Responsibility Segregation,
while the other focuses on an end-to-end DDD example. Both are implemented with
Spring Boot. Let's dive into the end-to-end example. We are going to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3834 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 519>>

design decision with the Werkzeug routing system is that routes in Werkzeug try
to ensure that URLs are unique. Werkzeug will go quite far with that in that it
will automatically redirect to a canonical URL if a route is ambiguous. One
Template Engine ¶ Flask decides on one template engine: Jinja. Why doesn’t Flask
have a pluggable template engine interface? You can obviously use a different
template engine, but Flask will still configure Jinja for you. While that
limitation that Jinja is always configured will probably go away, the decision
to bundle one template engine and use that will not. Template engines are like
programming languages and each of those engines has a certain understanding
about how things work. On the surface they all work the same: you tell the
engine to evaluate a template with a set of variables and take the return value
as string. But that’s about where similarities end. Jinja for example has an
extensive filter system, a certain way to do template inheritance, support for
reusable blocks (macros) that can be used from inside templates and also from
Python code, supports iterative template rendering, configurable syntax and
more. On the other hand an engine like Genshi is based on XML stream evaluation,
template inheritance by taking the availability of XPath into account and more.
Mako on the other hand treats templates similar to Python modules. When it comes
to connecting a template engine with an application or framework there is more
than just rendering templates. For instance, Flask uses Jinja’s
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 42381 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 6503>>

this makes sense at all or that it's a good thing but I think it's a reality.
What do you think? I think it's fortunate that this is not a reality, because it
makes no sense at all, is a Very Bad Thing and could potentially destroy the
software industry. The blog concludes that: This is one of the reasons we worked
hard to make sure our OpenLogic Expert Community compensates fairly. So I
followed the link to their "Expert Community" FAQ to understand exactly how this
works in practice. The interesting answers are: Do I get paid to be a part of
the Expert Community? Yes, the OpenLogic Rewards program pays Expert Community
members in points (redeemable for your choice of cash or rewards) upon
successful resolution of an incident. OpenLogic charges enterprise for support.
OpenLogic's internal technical support team resolves basic issues. OpenLogic, in
turn, contracts with members of the community to resolve more complex issues.
Right, so it works like this. OpenLogic hope that enterprise customers will pay
them money up front for support contracts. OpenLogic don't appear to believe in
paying developers salaries, so they expect that they won't be able to handle
complex support issues internally. So in that case they reach out to the
"community," and pay only if an incident is resolved. That works like this: What
will I have to do as a Member of the Expert Community? As a member, you will
have access to a list of customer incidents that we need help resolving. You can
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 31971 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 4247>>

Spring a high degree of insight into the workings of your application. We’ll
come back to that thought... What happens when a Spring-powered application is
deployed in a production setting? In a typical scenario there are multiple
components working in concert that need to be configured and connected. An http
Server load balancing across a set of t c Server instances for example, which in
turn talk to a database configured in a master/slave setup. These (middleware)
components form logical tiers of an application (using the term application “in
the large” now). The logical tiers are mapped to physical tiers in an actual
deployment (e.g. you can deploy a database and app server on the same machine,
or on different machines). When this terminology was first invented, physical
tiers really were physical. But nowadays your physical tier may of course be
virtual, and those virtual machines are in turn mapped onto physical
resources..... still with me??? Just as we have an application blueprint that
describes the components of a Spring-powered application and how they fit
together, so a deployment blueprint can describe the components of a given
deployment scenario - what components there are, how they are connected and
configured, and how cross-cutting concerns such as security, and (anti-)affinity
should be handled. As a starting point, there are some common deployment
patterns (such as the tc Server farm example I gave earlier) that can be
captured in a catalog. In time you can imagine an operations team extending that
catalog with their own custom blueprints for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 33481 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4436>>

taught myself Python in my final year at university by doing Project Euler
problems and then decided I wanted to learn how to make a website. Django was
the first Python web framework I looked at and it worked really well for me.
What other framework do you know and if there is anything you would like to have
in Django if you had magical powers? I’ve done a small amount with Flask and
FastAPI. More than any new features, I think the thing that I’d most like to see
is more long-term contributors to spread the work of keeping Django awesome.
What projects are you working on now? The side project I’m most excited about is
Django Rusty Templates , which is a re-implementation of Django’s templating
language in Rust. Which Django libraries are your favorite (core or 3rd party)?
The ORM of course! What are the top three things in Django that you like? Django
Conferences, the mentorship program Djangonaut Space and the whole community!
You have been a mentor multiple times with GSoC and Djangonaut Space program,
what is required according to you to be a good mentor? I think being willing to
invest time is really important. Checking in with your mentees frequently and
being an early reviewer of their work. I think this helps keep their motivation
up and allows for small corrections early on. Any advice for future
contributors? Start small and as you get more familiar with Django and the
process of contributing you can take on bigger issues.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 9087 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 1292>>

state changes, without compromising on React’s core mental model . We believe
that React’s approach — UI as a simple function of state, with standard
JavaScript values and idioms — is a key part of why React has been approachable
for so many developers. That’s why we’ve invested in building an optimizing
compiler for React. JavaScript is a notoriously challenging language to
optimize, thanks to its loose rules and dynamic nature. React Compiler is able
to compile code safely by modeling both the rules of JavaScript and the “rules
of React”. For example, React components must be idempotent — returning the same
value given the same inputs — and can’t mutate props or state values. These
rules limit what developers can do and help to carve out a safe space for the
compiler to optimize. Of course, we understand that developers sometimes bend
the rules a bit, and our goal is to make React Compiler work out of the box on
as much code as possible. The compiler attempts to detect when code doesn’t
strictly follow React’s rules and will either compile the code where safe or
skip compilation if it isn’t safe. We’re testing against Meta’s large and varied
codebase in order to help validate this approach. For developers who are curious
about making sure their code follows React’s rules, we recommend enabling Strict
Mode and configuring React’s ESLint plugin . These tools can help to catch
subtle bugs in your React code, improving the quality of your applications
today, and future-proofs your applications for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3275 <<"chunk_id": 10, "docno": 457>>

be wondering how that object can be global and how Flask manages to still be
threadsafe. The answer is context locals: Context Locals ¶ Insider Information
If you want to understand how that works and how you can implement tests with
context locals, read this section, otherwise just skip it. Certain objects in
Flask are global objects, but not of the usual kind. These objects are actually
proxies to objects that are local to a specific context. What a mouthful. But
that is actually quite easy to understand. Imagine the context being the
handling thread. A request comes in and the web server decides to spawn a new
thread (or something else, the underlying object is capable of dealing with
concurrency systems other than threads). When Flask starts its internal request
handling it figures out that the current thread is the active context and binds
the current application and the WSGI environments to that context (thread). It
does that in an intelligent way so that one application can invoke another
application without breaking. So what does this mean to you? Basically you can
completely ignore that this is the case unless you are doing something like unit
testing. You will notice that code which depends on a request object will
suddenly break because there is no request object. The solution is creating a
request object yourself and binding it to the context. The easiest solution for
unit testing is to use the test_request_context() context manager. In
combination with the with statement it will bind a test
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4492 <<"chunk_id": 12, "docno": 618>>

solution for this problem in general, but there are a couple of things you can
keep in mind to improve that experience: Create your application in a function
and register blueprints on it. That way you can create multiple instances of
your application with different configurations attached which makes unit testing
a lot easier. You can use this to pass in configuration as needed. Do not write
code that needs the configuration at import time. If you limit yourself to
request-only accesses to the configuration you can reconfigure the object later
on as needed. Make sure to load the configuration very early on, so that
extensions can access the configuration when calling init_app . Development /
Production ¶ Most applications need more than one configuration. There should be
at least separate configurations for the production server and the one used
during development. The easiest way to handle this is to use a default
configuration that is always loaded and part of the version control, and a
separate configuration that overrides the values as necessary as mentioned in
the example above: app = Flask ( __name__ ) app . config . from_object (
'yourapplication.default_settings' ) app . config . from_envvar (
'YOURAPPLICATION_SETTINGS' ) Then you just have to add a separate config.py file
and export YOURAPPLICATION_SETTINGS=/path/to/config.py and you are done. However
there are alternative ways as well. For example you could use imports or
subclassing. What is very popular in the Django world is to make the import
explicit in the config file by adding from yourapplication.default_settings
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 26566 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 3766>>

on how to or whether to do it. Furthermore, different applications have
different needs that depend on the business domain, company dynamics, point of
evolution, and more, making it necessary to consider how published advice
applies to your own specific situation. All of this coupled with the fact that
it’s not too hard to express the various ways (path, header, media type, etc.)
through @RequestMapping annotations, has practically meant no official support
in Spring, until now. What changed? As is often the case with new features, they
begin with a user request, in this case stating that while implementing API
Versioning in a Spring application is possible, it in fact requires a lot of
work. Looking back on the subtasks of the umbrella issue this was indeed a valid
point. The amount of feedback and interest we’ve seen since in this topic
further demonstrates a clear need. It is not the goal of this blog post to talk
further about API versioning practices. For a longer introduction to the topic,
you can check my talk at the Spring I/O conference earlier this year. Generally
the goal with this feature is to provide the building blocks necessary for what
is a very common practice and need. Server Handling At the core of server-side
handling is the ApiVersionStrategy , a key contract with knowledge of all
application preferences for API versioning. It can resolve, parse, and validate
request versions; it knows about the range of supported versions; and it can
help to send deprecation hints in the response.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23017 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 2886>>

to translate for the Japanese language in the first place? I went through
several joint surgeries and suddenly had a lot of time. I’d always wanted to
contribute to open source, but I knew my coding skills weren’t my strongest
asset. I did, however, have years of experience writing manuals—so translation
felt like a meaningful way to help. Do you have any advice for people who could
be hesitant to contribute to translation of Django documentation? Translation
has fewer strict rules than code contributions, and you can start simply by
creating a Transifex account. If a passage feels unclear, improve it! And if you
have questions, the Django-ja translation team is happy to help on our Discord .
I know you have some interest in AI as a technical writer, do you have an idea
on how Django could evolve with AI? Today’s AI is excellent at working with
existing code—spotting N+1 queries or refactoring SQL without changing behavior.
But code written entirely by AI often has weak security. That’s why solid unit
tests and Django’s strong security guardrails will remain essential: they let us
harness AI’s creativity safely. Django is celebrating its 20th anniversary, do
you have a nice story to share? The surgeries were tough, but they led me to
documentation translation, which reconnected me with both English and Django.
I’m grateful for that path. What are your hobbies or what do you do when you’re
not working? Outside of computers, I enjoy playing drums in a band and watching
musicals and stage plays!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
