Index: 2347 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 313>>

It's a poor fit for two other situations, though: CPU-bound work (image
resizing, hashing, parsing huge payloads) ties up the single thread and makes
your whole application unresponsive while it runs. Scaling across CPU cores — a
single Node.js process only ever uses one core for its JavaScript, no matter how
many cores the machine has. Node.js ships three built-in modules to address
this: node:child_process , node:worker_threads , and node:cluster . They solve
overlapping problems in different ways, which is why it's easy to reach for the
wrong one. This guide compares them side by side and walks through when to use
each. The three options at a glance Runs Memory Talks via Best for child_process
Separate process Isolated stdio, or IPC ( fork() ) Running external programs
worker_threads Separate thread Shareable postMessage() CPU-bound JS work cluster
Multiple processes Isolated IPC Scaling a server across cores A useful way to
tell them apart: cluster is built on top of child_process specifically to solve
the "scale a server across cores" problem, while worker_threads exists to solve
the "run CPU-heavy code without blocking" problem without paying the cost of a
whole new process. Child Process Use child_process when you need to run another
program — a shell command, a binary, a script in another language — from
Node.js, or when you want a fully isolated Node.js process that you drive over
stdio/IPC. spawn , exec , execFile , and fork Method Description Use case
spawn() Streams stdout/stderr Long-running, large output exec() Buffers full
output via a shell Short
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 24449 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 3763>>

than ones in typical clustered databases. For one, disk storage is shared
nothing - each cache process owns its disk store eliminating process level
contentions. Second, the design is tilted to favor memory i.e. there are no
complex B-Tree data structures on disk; instead we assume complex query
navigations will always be done through in-memory indexes. Third, the design
uses rolling append-only log files to avoid disk seeks completely. Finally, the
design preserves the rebalancing model in GemFire when capacity is increased or
decreased - the disk data also relocates itself. Improved scale-out capabilities
: Application deployments using the tiered model (client process embedding a
local cache talking to a server farm) could see a 2X or more performance gain
when accessing partitioned data. With 6.5, client processes gain knowledge about
server side partitions and use it on the fly to direct traffic directly to the
server with the required data set. Application clients subscribing to events
using key based register interest or "continuous queries" now have their
subscriptions registered on all the partitioned nodes. This allows each
partition to process the subcription filters on the nodes where the data changes
are applied dramatically reducing messaging traffic between peers unlike in the
previous releases. The net effect is that more subscriptions can be processed
and the event delivery latency to clients is also reduced. Colocated
transactions : If each logical partition were to own the entire transactional
working set then highly applications can scale linearly if the concurrent
transaction load is uniformly spread across the data
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 20933 <<"chunk_id": 10, "docno": 3070>>

to force the VM to hand back memory to the OS. If you run a test that steadily
increases the memory footprint of Rabbit you could observe the effect of
hibernation on idle processes as it reduces the rate of increase of memory use.
Erlang is a multi-threaded VM which takes advantage of multiple cores. It
presents green threads to the developer which are called 'processes' because
unlike threads, they conceptually do not share an address space. Here is an
interesting confession on the Erlang VM and Processes . Transactions
Transactions on 10,000 messages can take as along as four minutes to publish. A
new RabbitMQ feature called Publisher Confirms is more than 100 times faster
than the same, but transactional, code. If you are not explicitly required to
implement transactions but do need the verification you might consider this
option. The Take-Away Here are some final takeaways to help you squeeze the
greatest performance gains out of your implementation: The new topic routing
algorithm optimization is 60 times faster at peak Topic binding patterns using
wildcards '*', which matches a single word, is much faster than '#', which
matches zero or more words. Wildcard '#' takes longer to process in the routing
table than '*' Exchange-to-exchange bindings improve decoupling, increase
topology flexibility, reduce binding churn, and help increase performance
Exchanges and bindings are very light weight RabbitMQ Publisher Confirms are
more than 100 times faster than AMQP transactions After a queue is idle for >=10
seconds it will "hibernate", inducing GC on the queue, resulting
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27913 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4515>>

Boot and Kubernetes can tremendously simplify this task. Challenges of Designing
and Running Batch Workloads in the Cloud Designing cloud-native batch
applications might seem easy compared to web applications, but this is not true.
Batch developers face many challenges. 1. Fault Tolerance Batch processes
typically interact with other services (such as databases, messages brokers, web
services, and others) which are, by nature, flaky in cloud environments.
Moreover, even the nodes on which those processes are run can die at any time
and be replaced with healthy nodes. Cloud native batch applications should be
designed in a fault-tolerant way. 2. Robustness It is not uncommon that the
human error of running a batch job twice has some big financial consequences
(such as what happened to Walgreens , ANZ Bank , and NatWest , to name a few).
Moreover, some platforms, such as Kubernetes, have some known limitations about
the eventuality of running the same job twice . A cloud native batch application
should be ready to deal with this kind of issues by design. 3. Cost Efficiency
Cloud infrastructures are billed by cpu/memory/bandwidth usage. In case of
failure, It would be inefficient to not be able to restart a job from where it
left off and "lose" the cpu/memory/bandwidth usage of the previous run (and
hence be billed twice or more!). 4. Observability Any modern batch architecture
should be able to know at any point in time some key metrics, including: What
jobs are currently running? Which jobs have failed, if any? Other questions
about how things
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27038 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4352>>

requesting data from a remote server, more efficiently. They allow you to
provide a better quality of service and a predictable capacity planning by
dealing natively with time and latency without consuming more resources. Unlike
traditional processing that blocks the current thread while waiting a result, a
Reactive API that waits costs nothing, requests only the amount of data it is
able to process and bring new capabilities since it deals with stream of data,
not only with individual elements one by one. Before Java 8 Before Java 8,
asynchronous non-blocking behavior was not obvious to implement for at least two
reasons. The first reason is that callback based API required verbose anonymous
classes and are not easy to chain. The second reason is that Future type is
asynchronous but blocks the current thread until the computation completes when
you try to get the result with the get() method. That's why Spring Framework 4.0
introduced ListenableFuture , a Future implementation that adds non-blocking
callback-based capabilities. Lambdas, CompletableFuture and Stream Then Java 8
introduced lambdas and CompletableFuture . Lambdas allow to write concise
callbacks, while CompletionStage interface and CompletableFuture class finally
allows to deal with future in a non-blocking way and push-based fashion, while
providing capabilities to chain such deferred result processing. Java 8 also
introduced Stream , which has been designed to deal efficiently with stream of
data (including primitive types) that can be accessed with no or very little
latency. It is pull-based, can only be used once, lacks time-related operations
and can perform parallel
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2998 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 418>>

signals for received data ( data event) and the stream's completion ( end
event). Developers can listen to these events and execute custom logic
accordingly. This event-driven nature makes streams highly efficient for the
processing of data from external sources. Why use Streams? Streams provide three
key advantages over other data-handling methods: Memory Efficiency : Streams
process data incrementally, consuming and processing data in chunks rather than
loading the entire dataset into memory. This is a major advantage when dealing
with large datasets, as it significantly reduces memory usage and prevents
memory-related performance issues. Improved Response Time : Streams allow for
immediate data processing. When a chunk of data arrives, it can be processed
without waiting for the entire payload or dataset to be received. This reduces
latency and improves your application's overall responsiveness. Scalability for
Real-Time Processing : By handling data in chunks, Node.js streams can
efficiently handle large amounts of data with limited resources. This
scalability makes streams ideal for applications that process high volumes of
data in real time. These advantages make streams a powerful tool for building
high-performance, scalable Node.js applications, particularly when working with
large datasets or real-time data processing. Note on performance If your
application already has all the data readily available in memory, using streams
might add unnecessary overhead, complexity, and slow down your application.
Stream history This section is a reference of the history of streams in Node.js.
Unless you’re working with a codebase written for a Node.js version prior to
0.11.5 (2013), you will rarely encounter older
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27609 <<"chunk_id": 11, "docno": 4464>>

concerns, from unfamiliar parts of the stack. Another source of pain is that if
we ever make a mistake and block in one of our Reactive callbacks, we will be
holding up all requests on the same thread. With the servlet-based containers
every request is isolated to a thread, and blocking doesn’t hold up other
requests because they are be processed on different threads. Blocking all
requests is still a recipe for trouble, but it only shows up as increased
latency with roughly a constant factor per request. In the Reactive world,
blocking a single request can lead to increased latency for all requests, and
blocking all requests can bring a server to its knees because the extra layers
of buffers and threads are not there to take up the slack. Conclusion It’s nice
to be able to control all the moving parts in our asynchronous processing: every
layer has a thread pool size and a queue. We can make some of those layers
elastic, and try and adjust them according to how much work they do. But at some
point it becomes a burden, and we start looking for something simpler, or
leaner. Analysis of scalability leads to the conclusion that it is often better
to shed the extra threads, and work with the constraints imposed by the physical
hardware. This is an example of "mechanical sympathy", as is famously exploited
by LMAX to great effect in the Disruptor Pattern . We have begun to see the
power of the Reactive approach, but remember that
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27602 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 4464>>

the other in a single thread takes 1000ms, we might see a processing time of
250ms for a single incoming request at our HTTP service. We should emphasise the
"might" though: it’s only going to go that fast if there is no contention for
the processing threads (in both stages, the Tomcat workers, and the application
scheduler). If you have a server with a large number of cores, very low
concurrency, i.e. a small number of clients connecting to your application, and
hardly any chance that two will make a request at the same time, then you will
probably see close to the theoretical improvement. As soon as there are multiple
clients trying to connect, they will all be competing for the same 4 threads,
and the latency will drift up, and could even be worse than that experienced by
a single client with no background processing. We can improve the latency for
concurrent clients by creating the scheduler with a larger thread pool, e.g.
private Scheduler scheduler = Schedulers.newParallel("sub", 16); (16 threads.)
Now we are using more memory for the threads and their stacks, and we can expect
to see lower latency for low concurrency, but not necessarily for high
concurrency if our hardware has fewer than 16 cores. We also do not expect
higher throughput under load: if there is contention for the threads, there is a
high cost for managing those resources and that has to be reflected somwehere in
a metric that matters. If you are interested in more detailed analysis of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 18111 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 2474>>

protects applications against workload spikes without wasting memory. Best
Platform to Run Spring Applications Many Spring developers are already familiar
with the Spring Insight technology they have been able to enjoy in tc Server
Developer Edition . Spring Insight provides code level tracing – tracking the
time a transaction spends in each method and JDBC (database) call –
transparently for Spring Applications. No code modifications or setup is
required. vFabric 5 now introduces Spring Insight Operations, which leverages
the same code-level tracing technology but pulls together information from
multiple application servers into a single console with roll-up views, drill
downs, and historical comparisons. This solution has been designed to minimize
monitoring overhead, hence is suitable for both test and production
environments. While the Spring Insight Operations console is useful for both
administrators and developers who may need to troubleshoot problems in
production, it is also important that administrators and operations have a
single place to go for vFabric monitoring. Therefore, Spring Insight Operations
monitoring will be available not only as a stand-alone console but also through
a plug-in to the Hyperic monitoring solution, enabling a single view across data
from multiple sources and integrated alerting and control actions. Packaging and
Pricing for Simplicity and Agility As applications are increasingly deployed on
virtual infrastructure rather than physical hardware, our customers have told us
that a virtual machine-based approach to licensing based on average usage – not
peak – just makes sense. vFabric 5 introduces a virtual machine-based packaging
and licensing model that allows for usage-based consumption of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27098 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 4360>>

based on a more feature rich consumer library - were within 8% of the Kafka
native client API’s benchmarks. Also note that between 1000 and 10,000 byte
message sizes a single producer can reach about half of the 10Gb network
capacity. In future tests we will show benchmarks of multiple producers and
consumers to show how XD scales up and how other tuning parameters such as batch
size impact performance. #Conclusion# The benchmarks above show that Spring XD
can meet high performance streaming use-case requirements. They also show that
Spring XD which uses the Spring Integration Kafka (SIK) client library
introduces very little overhead as compared to the native Kafka high level
consumer library, while providing added functionality such as control over
offsets and partitions. Thus you can take advantage of using the Spring XD
programming model as well as functionality in the SIK consumer API with minimal
impact to performance. #Next steps# While there are some use-cases that are
mostly data passthrough-centric, most use cases will involve some processing of
the payload. Also, we only used a single processing thread. In future blog posts
we will show how XD scales up with more container instances, how message rates
are impacted while deserializing/serializing objects using popular libraries and
how multiple threads and reactive programming can also help to increase rates
per JVM process. Stay tuned! Editor’s Note: ©2015 Pivotal Software, Inc. All
rights reserved. Apache and Apache Kafka, are either registered trademarks or
trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other
countries.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2469 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 333>>

ensure a smooth flow of data from one source to another. Different communities
have resolved this issue uniquely to their programs, Unix pipes and TCP sockets
are good examples of this, and are often referred to as flow control . In
Node.js, streams have been the adopted solution. The purpose of this guide is to
further detail what backpressure is, and how exactly streams address this in
Node.js' source code. The second part of the guide will introduce suggested best
practices to ensure your application's code is safe and optimized when
implementing streams. We assume a little familiarity with the general definition
of backpressure , Buffer , and EventEmitters in Node.js, as well as some
experience with Stream . If you haven't read through those docs, it's not a bad
idea to take a look at the API documentation first, as it will help expand your
understanding while reading this guide. The Problem with Data Handling In a
computer system, data is transferred from one process to another through pipes,
sockets, and signals. In Node.js, we find a similar mechanism called Stream .
Streams are great! They do so much for Node.js and almost every part of the
internal codebase utilizes that module. As a developer, you are more than
encouraged to use them too! CJS ESM const readline = require ( ' node:readline '
) ; // process.stdin and process.stdout are both instances of Streams. const rl
= readline . createInterface ( { input : process . stdin , output : process .
stdout ,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6629 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 974>>

Undici to support inspecting network traffic sent by http.request and fetch
APIs. Additionally, there are plans to support WebSocket traffic inspection.
Node.js supports debugging worker threads, but people are often confused because
Chrome DevTools frontend can not automatically connect to a worker thread
spawned in an inspected Node.js process. There is an open work to add
experimental target discovery to Node.js Chrome DevTools Protocol
implementation. Next 10 Survey In this session, Marco Ippolito started an
on-site review of the questions that would be asked in Next-10 survey for 2025 ,
including suggestions to existing questions, questions/options to add and to
remove. It was a productive session and the results of the discussions had been
incorporated into the survey, which would be open until the end of May - submit
your response here . Module customization & instrumentation We combined two
topics about modules into one session block. Joyee Cheung gave a status update
on the module loader hooks and what's next for module.registerHooks() . The
consensus in the room was that we can make the internal module loading paths
synchronous for better performance and reduce quirks/bugs, then implement
module.register() as a helper on top of module.registerHooks() for those who
want out-of-the-box worker orchestration and compatibility of the older API. For
those who wish to run asynchronous code from module.registerHooks() , we can
provide a utility similar to everysync . For the upcoming evaluate hook , we
think that it could land with the current naming, so that it can make at least
part of the lives
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2468 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 333>>

TypeScript package Modules How to use streams Backpressuring in Streams
Publishing a package How to publish a Node-API package ABI Stability Diagnostics
User Journey Memory Overview Understanding and Tuning Memory Using Heap Profiler
Using Heap Snapshot Tracing garbage collection Live Debugging Overview Using
Inspector Poor Performance Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs Test Runner
Discovering Node.js's test runner Using Node.js's test runner Mocking in tests
Collecting code coverage in Node.js Node-API What is Node-API? Getting Started
Overview Pre-requisites Tools Anatomy of a Node-API project Your First Project
Object Wrap Migrating to Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp CMake.js
node-pre-gyp Special Topics Overview Context Awareness Object and Function
References AsyncWorker Thread-Safe Functions On this page The Problem with Data
Handling Too Much Data, Too Quickly Excess Drag on Garbage Collection Memory
Exhaustion How Does Backpressure Resolve These Issues? Lifecycle of .pipe()
Backpressure Guidelines Rules to Abide By When Implementing Custom Streams Rules
specific to Readable Streams Rules specific to Writable Streams Conclusion
Backpressuring in Streams There is a general problem that occurs during data
handling called backpressure and describes a buildup of data behind a buffer
during data transfer. When the receiving end of the transfer has complex
operations, or is slower for whatever reason, there is a tendency for data from
the incoming source to accumulate, like a clog. To solve this problem, there
must be a delegation system in place to ensure a smooth flow of data from one
source to another. Different communities have resolved this issue uniquely to
their programs, Unix pipes and TCP
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 26158 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4199>>

are all the previous parts of this blog series. Introducing Function Based
Streaming Applications Function Composition with Streaming Applications How to
Build a Supplier and Source Application How to Build a Consumer and Sink
Application Build and Run a Simple Stream Application Case Study: HTTP Request
Function and Processor File reading and processing use cases File ingestion and
reading data from those files is a classic enterprise use case. Many businesses
have been relying on varying levels of file facilities for many decades to carry
out mission-critical systems. Terabytes of data travel through the interwebs and
enterprise intranets as files. For example, imagine a banking data center where
it receives data from all its branches, ATMs, and POS transactions as files
every second which then needs to be processed and placed into other systems.
This is just one domain, but there are hundreds of thousands of examples out
there in which file processing is on the critical path of many businesses. There
are a lot of legacy systems in which many custom applications were written each
employing its own ways of handling these use cases. Spring Integration has been
providing file support as channel adapters for many years. These components can
be realized as functions and in the case of reading from files, we can provide a
generic Supplier function that is reusable and injected in end-user
applications. In the following sections, we will see more details about this
functional abstraction and it’s various usage scenarios. The File Supplier File
Supplier is a component that is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22240 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 3331>>

REST will help turbocharge your service development. Spring Data REST supports
both SQL and No-SQL repositories. Having technology that allows you to code
microservices quickly is only half the battle. Developers are often plagued by
the numerous delays in getting their code into production platforms. Some of the
most common obstacles include manual deployments, testing, infrastructure
provisioning, and service provisioning. Continuous delivery takes aim at
automating the process of promoting code to production while minimizing risk.
This allows organizations to make incremental changes to applications, making
deployment a business decision rather than resource decision. This is quite a
large topic on it’s own, but I highly recommend Matt Stine’s talk, Developing
Microservices for PaaS with Spring and Cloud Foundry which does an excellent job
highlighting the benefits of combining agile engineering practices with the
automation of Pivotal Cloud Foundry. ##Stateless Applications Rock James points
out that “sticky sessions and server state are usually one of the best ways to
kill your performance and resilience. Session state (in the traditional Servlet
sense) makes it really hard to do Continuous Delivery and scale horizontally”.
Removing session state from your application can dramatically streamline
operations, allowing applications to be redeployed, terminated or scaled without
the fear of losing session data. There are valid use cases for maintaining
state, such as sharing authentication state, but this state should be persisted
outside of the application (typically in a high-performance repository like a
NoSQL, distributed cache, or even in-memory data store). Externalizing
application state doesn’t have to be an onerous effort and
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 28058 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4546>>

the complete list of changes, please check its release notes here . New
concurrency model Prior to this release, the concurrency model based on the
"parallel iteration" concept required a lot of state synchronization at
different levels and had several limitations related to throttling and
backpressure, leading to confusing transaction semantics and poor performance.
This release revisits that model and comes with a new, simplified approach to
concurrency based on the producer-consumer pattern. A concurrent chunk-oriented
step now uses a bounded internal queue between the producer thread and consumer
threads. Items are put in the queue as soon as they are ready to be processed,
and consumer threads take items from the queue as soon as they are available for
processing. Once a chunk is ready to be written, the producer thread pauses
until the chunk is written, and then resumes producing items. This new model is
more efficient, easier to understand and provides better performance for
concurrent executions. Ability to stop all kinds of steps As of v5.2, it is only
possible to externally stop Tasklet steps through JobOperator#stop . If a custom
Step implementation wants to handle external stop signals, it just can't. This
release adds a new interface, named StoppableStep , that extends Step and which
can be implemented by any step that is able to handle external stop signals.
Observability with the Java Flight Recorder In addition to the existing
Micrometer metrics, Spring Batch 6.0 introduces support for the Java Flight
Recorder (JFR) to provide enhanced observability capabilities. JFR is a powerful
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23546 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 3553>>

server (CORS) Web developers may encounter a cross-origin resource sharing error
when making a network request to a server other than the application's own host
server. Browsers forbid such requests unless the server explicitly permits them.
There isn't anything Angular or the client application can do about these
errors. The server must be configured to accept the application's requests. Read
about how to enable CORS for specific servers at enable-cors.org . Production
optimizations ng build uses the production configuration unless configured
otherwise. This configuration enables the following build optimization features.
Features Details Ahead-of-Time (AOT) Compilation Pre-compiles Angular component
templates. Production mode Optimizes the application for the best runtime
performance Bundling Concatenates your many application and library files into a
minimum number of deployed files. Minification Removes excess whitespace,
comments, and optional tokens. Mangling Renames functions, classes, and
variables to use shorter, arbitrary identifiers. Dead code elimination Removes
unreferenced modules and unused code. See ng build for more about CLI build
options and their effects. Development-only features When you run an application
locally using ng serve , Angular uses the development configuration at runtime
which enables: Extra safety checks such as expression-changed-after-checked
detection. More detailed error messages. Additional debugging utilities such as
the global ng variable with debugging functions and Angular DevTools support.
These features are helpful during development, but they require extra code in
the app, which is undesirable in production. To ensure these features do not
negatively impact bundle size for end users, Angular CLI removes
development-only code from the bundle when building for production.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4827 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 700>>

concepts previously explored in userland libraries (like @platformatic/vfs ) and
standardizing them into a core node:vfs module, Node.js can intercept standard
filesystem calls and route them through a virtualized, memory-based layer.
Developers can define specific data sources in memory (providers) and "mount"
them so the runtime treats them exactly like local directories. The proposal
also provides the ability to layer virtual filesystems on top of one another, or
place a virtual layer directly over the physical disk to safely mock or override
files. In this session, Matteo walked the audience through the motivation of
this feature: making file system virtualization easier for single-executable
applications and testing, and replaces existing brittle practices that achieve
this through user-land monkey-patching. Following a brief overview of the
implementation architecture and the design choices, we collected more feedback
on the PR, including stack trace visibility, observability, security, worker
thread propagation, the ability to toggle it in specific paths, and support in
native code. We'll continue iterating on this PR in GitHub. Node.js Security -
State of the Ecosystem & What's Next Rafael Gonzaga shared that the security
team has recently advanced the ecosystem through a refined threat model,
improved permission models, and enhanced release automation, and the new VEX
(Vulnerability Exploitability eXchange) files that the security team is working
on to reduce false positives for security scanners. These efforts are currently
being overshadowed by a massive influx of AI-generated vulnerability reports.
This industry-wide surge, driven largely by users seeking CVE attribution and
financial bounties, has severely strained maintainer capacity with high-noise,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27620 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 4465>>

need is concurrent processing of a set of similar tasks, but as soon as any of
them want to depend on each other or execute conditionally you get into a form
of "nested callback hell". Reactive Programming provides an antidote to that.
Map-reduce and fork-join Abstractions over parallel processing are useful and
there are many examples to choose from. Map-reduce and fork-join that have
evolved recently in the Java world, driven by massively parallel distributed
processing ( MapReduce and Hadoop ) and by the JDK itself in version 1.7 (
Fork-Join ). These are useful abstractions but (like deferred results) they are
shallow compared to FRP, which can be used as an abstraction over simple
parallel processing, but which reaches beyond that into composability and
declarative communication. Coroutines A "coroutine" is a generalization of a
"subroutine" — it has an entry point, and exit point(s) like a subroutine, but
when it exits it passes control to another coroutine (not necessarily to its
caller), and whatever state it accumulated is kept and remembered for the next
time it is called. Coroutines can be used as a building block for higher level
features like Actors and Streams. One of the goals of Reactive Programming is to
provide the same kind of abstraction over communicating parallel processing
agents, so coroutines (if they are available) are a useful building block. There
are various flavours of coroutines, some of which are more restrictive than the
general case, but more flexible than vanilla subroutines. Fibers (see the
discussion on Event Machine) are
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10824 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 1595>>

groups (tc Server or Tomcat instances) Advanced server diagnostics Application
thread lock detection provides warnings when threads compete for restricted
resources in a way that would compromise application integrity Configurable
automatic and on-demand thread and heap dumping for failure and exception
analysis Thread to URL association for faster diagnosis when analyzing problems
with request processing Included in the above is the ability to do a wide range
of administrative tasks from the command-line scripting environment, instead of
the GUI, which is perfect for automated tasks and various cronjobs. And, of
course, you also get SpringSource's Enterprise support and services as well for
the whole package. tc Server is unique in that it gives you the Tomcat you know,
love and trust, but with enterprise capability that you need. Of course, we
didn't just stop there. Also in tc Server is a new high-concurrency connection
pool that beats the pants off of Tomcat's traditional DBCP and other external
solutions. And, in keeping with our long-standing commitment to the Open Source
community, this is being donated back to the ASF . We have lots of plans already
for additional diagnostic features to be added with the next major release. We
also are working on the next generation of ERS, which adds these enterprise
features to the web tier as well for Apache httpd. From web front end to
middleware business logic, SpringSource has your back. So whether you're an old
hand in using Apache httpd, Tomcat and Spring, or making that logical (and
possibly long overdue) migration, look
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 11167 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 1674>>

IDE and eXo Cloud IDE ) are offering a browser-based editing experience. The
users workspace sits on the remote system. This kind of setup can work well for
some teams although in our experience we've found there is still some need for
an offline development mode as developers are not yet Internet connected 100% of
the time and also it can be hard to get them to give up 'full control' and host
their files remotely. In following the browser-based editing model and hosting
the server locally Scripted is offering something that can meet developers needs
now, but that will also enable the use of cloud workspaces in the future by
simply deploying the server remotely. Fundamentally we felt many of the existing
JavaScript tools were lacking in some key areas and, given our background in
language tooling, we wanted to see if we could build a lightweight tool to
address those needs. A focus on JavaScript JavaScript continues to increase in
popularity. No longer just for client side programming, frameworks like Node.js
have enabled it to be used for full end-to-end solutions. This is why we chose
to focus on JavaScript as a first priority for Scripted. Of course there are
related languages we are also interested in (e.g. CoffeeScript, the recently
announced TypeScript) but for now the common denominator is JavaScript. We
wanted to build a great experience for one language rather than a not-so-great
experience across a number of languages. The feature set Fast startup,
lightweight. Syntax highlighting for JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27603 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 4464>>

for managing those resources and that has to be reflected somwehere in a metric
that matters. If you are interested in more detailed analysis of that kind of
trade off, some detailed analyses of how performance metrics scale under load
can be found in a blog series by Rob Harrop . Tip Tomcat allocates 100 threads
for processing HTTP requests by default. That is excessive if we know all the
processing is going to be on our scheduler thread pool. There is an impedance
mismatch: the scheduler thread pool can be a bottleneck because it has fewer
threads than the upstream Tomcat thread pool. This highlights the fact that
performance tuning can be very hard, and, while you might have control of all
the configuration, it’s a delicate balance. We can do better than a fixed thread
pool if we use a scheduler that adjusts its capacity according to demand.
Reactor has a convenience for that, so if you try the same code with
Schedulers.elastic() (you can call it anywhere; there is only one instance), you
will see that under load more threads are created. Reactive all the Way Down The
bridge from blocking to reactive is a useful pattern, and is easy to implement
using available technology in Spring MVC (as shown above). The next stage in the
Reactive journey is to break out of blocking in application threads completely,
and to do that requires new APIs and new tools. Ultimately we have to be
Reactive all the way down the stack, including servers and
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 29341 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 4906>>

ability to upgrade these libraries dynamically. By understanding the different
types of beans that an application contains, the Admin Console will provide for
detailed insight into application internals and allow for dynamic
reconfiguration of certain application components. To support typical enterprise
deployment scenarios, the 2.0 version of the Platform will provide explicit
support for common enterprise middleware components such as Oracle, TIBCO EMS
and IBM MQSeries. Integration with the Admin Console will allow for connections
to these middleware providers to be established in minutes rather than hours or
days. Applications will be able to access these connections using the OSGi
service registry and Spring DM’s <osgi:reference> . The 2.0 release will
introduce additional personalities to cover batch, web services and SOA
applications. Clustering is an important feature for the 2.0 release, with
cluster-wide Single System Image (SSI) being the critical piece, and
load-balancing and clustered caching being on the roadmap as well. Using the SSI
support, administration and deployment operations will be propagated across the
cluster. Ultimately, we want to support per-module updates across the cluster,
with full cluster-rollback if the upgrade breaks a deployed application. DMK 2.0
will include improvements to the concurrency subsystem to support large numbers
of bundles that change frequently and to support larger numbers of modules with
more complex interdependencies. Also included will be updates to the
provisioning subsystem and integrated resource management and monitoring for
memory, threads, IO and CPU. What next? Please download the Platform and try it
out. We are keen to hear about your experiences building new
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 28071 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4549>>

manner, ensuring that interruption signals are correctly sent to running steps.
When a graceful shutdown is initiated, the job execution will stop currently
active steps and updates the job repository with a consistent state that enables
restartability. Once running steps have finished, the job execution will be
marked as stopped, and any necessary cleanup operations will be performed. Local
chunking support Similar to remote chunking, local chunking is a new feature
that allows you to process chunks of items in parallel, locally within the same
JVM using multiple threads. This is particularly useful when you have a large
number of items to process and want to take advantage of multi-core processors.
With local chunking, you can configure a chunk-oriented step to use multiple
threads to process chunks of items concurrently. Each thread will read, process
and write its own chunk of items independently, while the step will manage the
overall execution and commit the results. SEDA style with Spring Integration
message channels In Spring Batch 5.2, we introduced the concept of SEDA (Staged
Event-Driven Architecture) style processing using local threads with the
BlockingQueueItemReader and BlockingQueueItemWriter components. Building on that
foundation, Spring Batch 6.0 introduces support for SEDA style processing at
scale using Spring Integration messaging channels. This allows you to decouple
the different stages of a batch job and process them asynchronously using
message channels. By leveraging Spring Integration, you can easily configure and
manage the messaging channels, as well as take advantage of features like
message transformation, filtering, and routing. Jackson 3 support Spring Batch
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2346 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 313>>

Publishing a TypeScript package Modules How to use streams Backpressuring in
Streams Publishing a package How to publish a Node-API package ABI Stability
Diagnostics User Journey Memory Overview Understanding and Tuning Memory Using
Heap Profiler Using Heap Snapshot Tracing garbage collection Live Debugging
Overview Using Inspector Poor Performance Overview Using Linux Perf Flame Graphs
Test Runner Discovering Node.js's test runner Using Node.js's test runner
Mocking in tests Collecting code coverage in Node.js Node-API What is Node-API?
Getting Started Overview Pre-requisites Tools Anatomy of a Node-API project Your
First Project Object Wrap Migrating to Node-API Build Tools Overview node-gyp
CMake.js node-pre-gyp Special Topics Overview Context Awareness Object and
Function References AsyncWorker Thread-Safe Functions On this page The three
options at a glance Child Process spawn, exec, execFile, and fork streaming a
long-running command with spawn() talking to another Node.js process with fork()
Things to watch for Worker Threads offloading CPU-bound work Sharing memory
Things to watch for Cluster scaling an HTTP server across cores How the workers
share one port isPrimary / isWorker Things to watch for Choosing between them
Further reading Comparing Node.js concurrency models Node.js runs your
JavaScript on a single thread, driven by the event loop . That model is great
for I/O-bound work — reading files, querying a database, handling HTTP requests
— because Node hands off the waiting to the operating system and keeps the
thread free. It's a poor fit for two other situations, though: CPU-bound work
(image resizing, hashing, parsing huge payloads) ties up the single thread and
makes your
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 20932 <<"chunk_id": 9, "docno": 3070>>

send 20,000 messages, messages zero will route to the first consumer, message
one to the second, message two to the third and so on. If we begin building up a
backlog of tasks, we can simply add more workers, allowing the system to scale
easily. Performance Memory Neither option above will necessarily induce high
load in RabbitMQ. There are no hard limits to the number of exchanges and
queues, one can create, and running 100,000 queues on one broker is fine. With
the right tuning and enough RAM you can run well over a million queues. RabbitMQ
dynamically pushes messages to disk to free up RAM, thus the memory footprint of
a queue is not dependent on its contents. After a queue is idle for 10 seconds
or more it will "hibernate" which causes GC on that queue. As a result, the
amount of memory a queue requires can dramatically shrink. For example, it might
be possible for 1000 empty, idle queues to take up 10MB of RAM. When they're all
active (even if empty), they might of course, depending on memory fragmentation,
consume much more memory. Forcing them back into hibernation to test behavior is
difficult because the Erlang VM does not hand back memory to the OS immediately.
You can, however, observe a large process that hibernates and has very
fragmented memory because the amount reclaimed can be sufficient to force the VM
to hand back memory to the OS. If you run a test that steadily increases the
memory footprint of Rabbit you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 17794 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 2387>>

AOT and Project Leyden If you prefer watching a video than reading a blog post,
we recommend the “Spring Framework 6: Strategic Themes” presentation from Devoxx
Belgium 2023: Context Let’s begin with the most important question: why should
we care about improving runtime efficiency of our Cloud workloads? The first
reason is probably cost optimization. We all want to run our applications in a
cheaper way. Cheaper hosting usually means using less CPU, less memory, less
resources, which makes our workloads more sustainable. We are also in a world
where running your application will probably involve Kubernetes and containers
one way or another, which usually requires extra care with the Java Virtual
Machine startup time, warm-up time and memory management. The goal of the Spring
team is to allow various options (some of them can be combined) to optimize the
runtime footprint and the scalability of the millions of Spring workloads in
production. Our goal is to minimize as much as possible the amount of changes
required in your Spring application to take advantage of those improvements, but
of course there are usually trade-offs involved, trade-offs that we are going to
make as explicit as possible. Hopefully, that should give you enough information
to get a clearer picture of how that applies to your organization, your
applications, and see which trade-offs are worth it for your context. A common
requirement to take advantage of those runtime efficiency improvements is to
upgrade to Spring Boot 3, based on Spring Framework 6, which has a Java 17
baseline
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 23162 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 3454>>

been included already and what is coming next. Ahead-Of-Time Processing
Processing the application context ahead of time opens many doors for
optimizations. Depending on the context, we can reduce the amount of
infrastructure that we ship, pre-compute certain features that you’ve declared
on your components leading to faster startup time, and identify things that may
be problematic in restricted environments and provide an alternative for them.
Spring Framework 6.0.0-M3 ships a first batch of these features based on Spring
Native, but with an extended review and integration into the core container.
Rather than making this a new feature in the form of an additional module, it is
deeply integrated in the core of the existing ones. For now it includes: An
engine that processes an ApplicationContext against a given classpath and
contributes code that provides an optimized version of it. A new API to
contribute runtime hints: integrators would typically use this when they need to
use reflection in their own components, or if they need to access certain
resources on the classpath for example. These hints are compatible with GraalVM
and we provide the infrastructure to generate the adequate configuration files.
Optimizing An Application At Build-Time When a typical Spring application runs,
the application context invokes a number of post processors that prepare the
bean factory: configuration class parsing, classpath scanning and others that
eventually can trigger auto-configuration resolutions. Once those have run, for
the most part, they are no longer necessary at runtime. With a well-defined
environment (classpath, etc), this could be completely done
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2790 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 378>>

mean for application design? In a one-thread-per-client system like Apache, each
pending client is assigned its own thread. If a thread handling one client
blocks, the operating system will interrupt it and give another client a turn.
The operating system thus ensures that clients that require a small amount of
work are not penalized by clients that require more work. Because Node.js
handles many clients with few threads, if a thread blocks handling one client's
request, then pending client requests may not get a turn until the thread
finishes its callback or task. The fair treatment of clients is thus the
responsibility of your application . This means that you shouldn't do too much
work for any client in any single callback or task. This is part of why Node.js
can scale well, but it also means that you are responsible for ensuring fair
scheduling. The next sections talk about how to ensure fair scheduling for the
Event Loop and for the Worker Pool. Don't block the Event Loop The Event Loop
notices each new client connection and orchestrates the generation of a
response. All incoming requests and outgoing responses pass through the Event
Loop. This means that if the Event Loop spends too long at any point, all
current and new clients will not get a turn. You should make sure you never
block the Event Loop. In other words, each of your JavaScript callbacks should
complete quickly. This of course also applies to your await 's, your
Promise.then 's, and so on. A good
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3418 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 483>>

run for an acceptable amount unwillingly increases the response time of the
request. By comparing the request response times, an attacker can guess the
length and the value of the password in a large quantity of requests.
Mitigations The crypto API exposes a function timingSafeEqual to compare actual
and expected sensitive values using a constant-time algorithm. For password
comparison, you can use the scrypt available also on the native crypto module.
More generally, avoid using secrets in variable-time operations. This includes
branching on secrets and, when the attacker could be co-located on the same
infrastructure (e.g., same cloud machine), using a secret as an index into
memory. Writing constant-time code in JavaScript is hard (partly because of the
JIT). For crypto applications, use the built-in crypto APIs or WebAssembly (for
algorithms not implemented in natively). Malicious Third-Party Modules
(CWE-1357) According to the Node.js threat model , scenarios that require a
malicious third-party module are not considered vulnerabilities in Node.js core,
because Node.js treats the code it is asked to run (including dependencies) as
trusted. However, malicious or compromised dependencies remain one of the most
critical application-level risks for Node.js users and should be treated as
such. Currently, in Node.js, any package can access powerful resources such as
network access. Furthermore, because they also have access to the file system,
they can send any data anywhere. All code running into a node process has the
ability to load and run additional arbitrary code by using eval() (or its
equivalents). All code with file system write access may
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 6502 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 955>>

APM tools need to follow a request as it flows through your application, even
across async boundaries. When an HTTP request comes in, is processed by
middleware, queries a database, calls an external API, and finally returns a
response, the APM needs to correlate all of these operations into a single
trace. This requires async context tracking. Most modern APM tools use
AsyncLocalStorage (which is built on async_hooks in versions of Node.js before
Node 24) to propagate trace context across async operations. The moment you
require('dd-trace') , require('newrelic') , or initialize OpenTelemetry, your
application has async_hooks enabled. The irony is notable: the tools you install
to monitor and debug crashes can make a category of crashes behave differently.
This is not the fault of the APM tools; they are using Node.js APIs exactly as
intended. Why This Is Only a Mitigation, and The Vulnerability Lies Elsewhere
While this issue has significant practical impact, we want to be clear about why
Node.js is treating this fix as a mere mitigation of security vulnerability
risks at large: Stack Space Exhaustion Behavior Is Not Specified The "Maximum
call stack size exceeded" error is not part of the ECMAScript specification. The
specification does not impose any limit and assumes infinite stack space .
Imposing a limit and throwing a recoverable error are only behaviors that
JavaScript engines implement with best-effort. Applications and frameworks are
already at risk when they build a security model on top of these unspecified
behaviors that are not guaranteed to reproduce consistently, see: CWE-758:
Reliance on
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2473 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 333>>

because of this more data must be kept in memory until the entire process has
been completed. Writing to a disk is a lot slower than reading from a disk,
thus, when we are trying to compress a file and write it to our hard disk,
backpressure will occur because the write disk will not be able to keep up with
the speed from the read. // Secretly the stream is saying: "whoa, whoa! hang on,
this is way too much!" // Data will begin to build up on the read side of the
data buffer as // `write` tries to keep up with the incoming data flow. inp .
pipe ( gzip ) . pipe ( outputFile ) ; JavaScript Copy to clipboard This is why a
backpressure mechanism is important. If a backpressure system was not present,
the process would use up your system's memory, effectively slowing down other
processes, and monopolizing a large part of your system until completion. This
results in a few things: Slowing down all other current processes A very
overworked garbage collector Memory exhaustion In the following examples, we
will take out the return value of the .write() function and change it to true ,
which effectively disables backpressure support in Node.js core. In any
reference to 'modified' binary, we are talking about running the node binary
without the return ret; line, and instead with the replaced return true; .
Excess Drag on Garbage Collection Let's take a look at a quick benchmark. Using
the same example from above,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 20930 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 3070>>

shared by all agents that connect to it. Then, in its simplest form, as each
agent comes online it declares a private exchange and queue, and binds its
exchange to the shared topic exchanges. Our relationships are now expressed by
exchange-to-exchange mappings which reduces churn rate and decouples agents from
having to 'know' the server queues. Using this pattern the system is clean,
decoupled, and scalable. Elastic-Scaling Use Case Let's take the previous
scenario a step further. We are already using topic pub-sub routing over
scenario 2: many direct routings. Now let's say the system requirement bumps up
to scale clusters of our server application in a data center with 50,000 or more
agents. How can we throttle varying loads? The authenticated client exchange
routes messages from agent to server. It handles all operations publishing
messages to singular-consumer queues, including those producing the highest
frequency of messages. This is a potential bottleneck under the current topology
with roughly 60,000 messages per minute for 10,000 clients or 86,400,000
messages per day. This is easily resolvable, RabbitMQ can handle over 1 billion
messages per day depending on your configuration, for example whether or not you
are persisting messages. Our server applications are running a RabbitMQ cluster.
Remember that in a cluster, declaring an exchange causes it to appear on all
nodes, while declaring a queue creates it on only one of the nodes, so we have
to configure a solution. Load-Balancing Between Producers and Consumers To
efficiently handle these potentially very high loads as more client applications
(Agents)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2806 <<"chunk_id": 22, "docno": 378>>

only while it is scheduled. As a result, you should only consider this approach
after careful analysis. Worker Pool: conclusions Whether you use only the
Node.js Worker Pool or maintain separate Worker Pool(s), you should optimize the
Task throughput of your Pool(s). To do this, minimize the variation in Task
times by using Task partitioning. The risks of npm modules While the Node.js
core modules offer building blocks for a wide variety of applications, sometimes
something more is needed. Node.js developers benefit tremendously from the npm
ecosystem , with hundreds of thousands of modules offering functionality to
accelerate your development process. Remember, however, that the majority of
these modules are written by third-party developers and are generally released
with only best-effort guarantees. A developer using an npm module should be
concerned about two things, though the latter is frequently forgotten. Does it
honor its APIs? Might its APIs block the Event Loop or a Worker? Many modules
make no effort to indicate the cost of their APIs, to the detriment of the
community. For simple APIs you can estimate the cost of the APIs; the cost of
string manipulation isn't hard to fathom. But in many cases it's unclear how
much an API might cost. If you are calling an API that might do something
expensive, double-check the cost. Ask the developers to document it, or examine
the source code yourself (and submit a PR documenting the cost). Remember, even
if the API is asynchronous, you don't know how much time it might spend on a
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 24054 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 3670>>

I am going even further by using Windows, as a deployment platform for a change.
Redis A popular choice among key-value stores is Redis , an open source, crazy
fast database written in ANSI C weighting around 200 KB (yes, kilo -bytes) for
the server or 400 KB for the entire package (includes a command-line client and
some administration utilities) and available virtually on all major platforms
which also makes it the choice for the sample. Note that a Redis instance is not
needed unless one wants to run the sample locally. If so, for Windows users
(such as the author) yours truly uses (and recommends) this pre-packed version
available in both 32-bit and 64-bit flavours. Spring and NoSQL If you are using
NoSQL from a Java environment, take a look at Spring Data : it's not a project
by itself but rather an umbrella of projects embracing the various new data
access technologies such as non-relational databases (like Redis or MongoDB),
map-reduce frameworks (think Hadoop) and cloud-base data services for Java apps.
Spring Data promotes the classic Spring values, enhancing developer productivity
by removing the API noise, boiler-plate code and resource management and
offering a consistent programming model. It builds on top of existing Spring
features and projects (such as inversion of control, life-cycle management, type
conversion, portable data access exceptions, caching and so on) so one can add
it right away, with minimal effort in her application. And of course, just like
the rest of the Spring projects, it is open source and available
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 21553 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 3199>>

within the source: composed-source | sink As always, there is no right answer
here. There are always trade-offs to consider: Function composition results in
less deployments. This reduces cost, latency, operational complexity, and so on.
Individual deployments are loosely coupled and can scale independently. The
message broker provides guaranteed delivery. When a simple stateless application
goes down and is restarted, it can continue where it left off, processing the
pending results of the previous processing step. A single application that
performs complex processing is harder to reason about and keeps intermediate
processing results in memory, or possibly in an interim data store. When a
stateful application fails, it can lead to inconsistent state, making recovery
harder. If these trade-offs look familiar, it’s because they are pretty much the
same as any microservice vs monolith debate. In the end, do what works best for
you. Function Composition with Prepackaged Source Applications In some cases,
function composition is a no-brainer. From the start, we have provided
pre-packaged processors to perform simple transformations, or filtering using
SpEL . The legacy architecture required a separate processor when using the
prepackaged sources or sinks. A common complaint from users was “why do I need
to deploy a separate application just to evaluate a SpEL expression?” To address
this, we initially introduced a form of support for function composition in an
earlier release. To use this feature with the prepackaged applications required
forking them to modify the code or the build dependencies to provide the
functions. The current release provides function composition
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 20931 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 3070>>

so we have to configure a solution. Load-Balancing Between Producers and
Consumers To efficiently handle these potentially very high loads as more client
applications (Agents) come online, we can modify this topology in several ways.
First, an optimization from the above configuration to load-balance messages
across a Rabbit cluster. We can create one queue for each node in the Rabbit
cluster. If we have four nodes, for each high-traffic queue we create
hfq.{0,1,2,3} for that operation. Now each agent can randomly pick a node by a
number between zero and three, or a more sophisticated round-robin
implementation, to publish to. With RabbitMQ there are RPC calls or you can use
the Rabbit management plugin to GET the number of nodes, which you can use in
your round-robin algorithm. Worker Queues With Round-Robin Dispatching Worker
Queues, or Task Queues, are generally used to efficiently distribute
time-consuming tasks among multiple workers and easily parallelise work. In
addition, this topology applies to eliminating the need to execute
resource-intensive tasks and having to block until they complete. Running
several worker queues allows these tasks to be distributed among them. With
Worker Queues, by default, Rabbit uses a round-robin distribution method,
sending each message to the next consumer in sequence. Each consumer receives
roughly the same number of messages. If you declare a queue and spin up 3
competing consumers, bind them to the exchange, and send 20,000 messages,
messages zero will route to the first consumer, message one to the second,
message two to the third and so on. If
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10073 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 1449>>

from thread-pool style, long-running task execution to non-blocking, high-volume
task dispatching. The GitHub repo is here https://github.com/reactor/reactor .
Reactor, as the name suggests, is heavily influenced by the well-known Reactor
design pattern . But it is also influenced by other event-driven design
practices, as well as several awesome JVM-based solutions that have been
developed over the years. Reactor's goal is to condense these ideas and patterns
into a simple and reusable foundation for making event-driven programming much
easier. Reactor’s abstractions give the developer a set of tools to not just
develop but compose applications in a way that more efficiently uses system
resources--which is particularly important when running in the cloud--and reduce
or eliminate the spaghetti of nested callbacks (aptly named “callback hell” )
that has so far burdened most asynchronous applications. What is Reactor good
for? While you can make Reactor do a lot of things because of its inherent
flexibility, it’s really designed to be a foundational framework for
applications that need high throughput when performing reasonably small chunks
of stateless, asynchronous processing. The sheer volume of non-human-generated
data in modern applications can easily overtake a traditional single-threaded,
blocking design model. From mobile applications that generate streams of
location information to computerized manufacturing machines that send out vast
amounts of geometric data to big data applications mining real-time logs to
generate business metrics: modern data-driven applications demand better
resource utilization and higher throughput than a traditional imperative,
blocking application can usually provide. That’s why the Spring XD project (as
well as several other Spring
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 18141 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 2482>>

multiple sources and formats into memory across physically distributed systems
and cloud architectures. This enables applications to reliably share, store,
update, and route large volumes of data in real time and with low latency. The
fabric already has integration with Spring which makes it productive for use
with enterprise Java applications. We’ll be doing deeper integration going
forward: most obviously with Spring Framework and tc Server (offering session
replication at extreme scale). Other potential areas of integration include
Spring Web Flow (transparent flow replication) and Spring Batch and Spring
Integration. The Spring community can expect a very smooth experience as this
effort unfolds–likely also encompassing support in Spring Roo and Grails.
Building Advanced Infrastructure for Modern Applications The POJO-based
application model pioneered by Spring has enabled the rise of lean application
servers like SpringSource tc Server that are ideally suited to cloud deployment.
A new style of messaging has been emerging for the cloud as well, led by
RabbitMQ , also recently acquired by SpringSource. There has been a parallel
revolution for data management: cloud-based architectures are forcing
requirements on data management that are similar to systems only previously seen
in the most demanding, high performance workloads. These new challenges for data
management include support for modern applications deployed across elastic, high
scale, geographically distributed architectures. GemStone is a leader in this
space and already solves the hardest data management problems in the world,
powering some of the world's most scalable, data intensive private clouds.
Through this acquisition GemStone will become the backbone for the SpringSource
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27619 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 4465>>

fibered example from em-http-request ). People do this a lot to get the benefit
of scalability that comes from using Event Machine in an I/O intensive
application, without the ugly programming model that you get with lots of nested
callbacks. Actor Model Similar to Object Oriented Programming, the Actor Model
is a deep thread of Computer Science going back to the 1970s. Actors provide an
abstraction over computation (as opposed to data and behaviour) that allows for
concurrency as a natural consequence, so in practical terms they can form the
basis of a concurrent system. Actors send each other messages, so they are
reactive in some sense, and there is a lot of overlap between systems that style
themselves as Actors or Reactive. Often the distinction is at the level of their
implementation (e.g. Actors in Akka can be distributed across processes, and
that is a distinguishing feature of that framework). Deferred results (Futures)
Java 1.5 introduced a rich new set of libraries including Doug Lea’s
"java.util.concurrent", and part of that is the concept of a deferred result,
encapsulated in a Future . It’s a good example of a simple abstraction over an
asynchronous pattern, without forcing the implementation to be asynchronous, or
use any particular model of asynchronous processing. As the Netflix Tech Blog:
Functional Reactive in the Netflix API with RxJava shows nicely, Futures are
great when all you need is concurrent processing of a set of similar tasks, but
as soon as any of them want to depend on each other or execute
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 237 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 31>>

; const server = createServer ( ( req , res ) => { res . statusCode = 200 ; res
. setHeader ( ' Content-Type ' , ' text/plain ' ) ; res . end ( ' Hello World '
) ; } ) ; server . listen ( port , hostname , () => { console . log ( ` Server
running at http:// ${ hostname } : ${ port } / ` ) ; } ) ; JavaScript Copy to
clipboard This is in contrast to today's more common concurrency model, in which
OS threads are employed. Thread-based networking is relatively inefficient and
very difficult to use. Furthermore, users of Node.js are free from worries of
dead-locking the process, since there are no locks. Almost no function in
Node.js directly performs I/O, so the process never blocks except when the I/O
is performed using synchronous methods of Node.js standard library. Because
nothing blocks, scalable systems are very reasonable to develop in Node.js. If
some of this language is unfamiliar, there is a full article on Blocking vs.
Non-Blocking . Node.js is similar in design to, and influenced by, systems like
Ruby's Event Machine and Python's Twisted . Node.js takes the event model a bit
further. It presents an event loop as a runtime construct instead of as a
library. In other systems, there is always a blocking call to start the
event-loop. Typically, behavior is defined through callbacks at the beginning of
a script, and at the end a server is started through a
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10425 <<"chunk_id": 18, "docno": 1485>>

already in use): An attempt to bind a server ( net , http , or https ) to a
local address failed due to another server on the local system already occupying
that address. ECONNREFUSED (Connection refused): No connection could be made
because the target machine actively refused it. This usually results from trying
to connect to a service that is inactive on the foreign host. ECONNRESET
(Connection reset by peer): A connection was forcibly closed by a peer. This
normally results from a loss of the connection on the remote socket due to a
timeout or reboot. Commonly encountered via the http and net modules. EEXIST
(File exists): An existing file was the target of an operation that required
that the target not exist. EISDIR (Is a directory): An operation expected a
file, but the given pathname was a directory. EMFILE (Too many open files in
system): Maximum number of file descriptors allowable on the system has been
reached, and requests for another descriptor cannot be fulfilled until at least
one has been closed. This is encountered when opening many files at once in
parallel, especially on systems (in particular, macOS) where there is a low file
descriptor limit for processes. To remedy a low limit, run ulimit -n 2048 in the
same shell that will run the Node.js process. ENOENT (No such file or
directory): Commonly raised by fs operations to indicate that a component of the
specified pathname does not exist. No entity (file or directory) could be found
by the given path.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2353 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 313>>

does it by default.) isPrimary / isWorker cluster.isPrimary is true in the
process that forks workers; cluster.isWorker is true in the forked workers
themselves. (You may also see cluster.isMaster in older code — it still works,
but it's a deprecated alias for isPrimary .) Things to watch for Workers are
separate processes, so they don't share memory . In-memory sessions, caches, or
rate limiters won't be visible across workers — use an external store like Redis
for anything that needs to be shared. Always handle a worker's 'exit' event and
decide whether to restart it; an unhandled crash silently reduces your server's
capacity. Check worker.exitedAfterDisconnect so a graceful shutdown doesn't get
treated as a crash and endlessly respawn workers. In production, most teams use
a process manager (PM2, systemd, or a container orchestrator) instead of
hand-rolling restart/reload logic with cluster directly. Choosing between them A
quick decision guide: Running an external program, or a script in another
language? → child_process ( spawn / execFile ). Running another Node.js script
as an isolated process, with structured messaging? → child_process.fork() . Have
CPU-bound JavaScript blocking your event loop (hashing, image processing, big
computations)? → worker_threads . Want to use all the CPU cores to handle more
traffic to your server? → cluster (or a process manager/orchestrator that does
the equivalent at the infrastructure level). These aren't mutually exclusive. A
common pattern for something like an image-upload service is to combine all
three: cluster to spread incoming requests across cores, and worker_threads (or
child_process ) within each worker to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 29035 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4830>>

from the start. The Tester did prove valuable and popular, but we knew we had to
fully explore the client before 1.0 as the two are closely related but have
slightly different perspectives, and we wanted to make sure they're aligned with
each other. A second point is that the Tester has supported testing
subscriptions on the server side, but not over WebSocket. This was important to
explore since unlike HTTP where one GraphQL request maps to one HTTP request, in
Websocket, many GraphQL requests share the same connection which is a
fundamentally different mode of operation. For example the WebSocket transport
needs to connect transparently when a request is made, ensure a single, shared
connection, manage its lifecycle, and as a long lived connection, provide
controls for starting and stopping. I'm happy to say that milestone 6 includes a
GraphQL Client. It supports single response requests (queries and mutations)
over HTTP, and subscriptions along with queries and mutations over WebSocket.
Some example usage: String document = "{" + " project(slug:\"spring-framework\")
{" + " name" + " releases {" + " version" + " }"+ " }" + "}"; Mono<Project>
projectMono = graphQlClient.document(document) .retrieve("project")
.toEntity(Project.class); The response data is decoded to a Project . The
request document can also be stored in a file and referred to by a simple name
(e.g. "project"), or you can create it through a code generated request such as
the GraphQLQueryRequest from Netflix DGS . Some example usage for a
subscription: Flux<String> projectFlux = client.document("subscription {
projects { name }
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10045 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 1446>>

run on in the cloud) as well as being more understandable (in many cases) owing
to the declarative, self-documentating nature of the DSL used to build up the
processing pipeline. When you boil your business logic down to its essence, you
really do notice that not many things exist that can't be expressed as a
transformation or consumer function. You either take input and produce output or
you simply take input. Reactor's Stream API is steeped in this paradigm so
provides you with a plethora (who can tell me this movie reference: "would you
say I have a plethora of pinatas?") of options for processing data as it passes
through your pipeline. Beyond simple functions like map(Function<T,V>) and
filter(Predicate<T>) are the more sophisticated options like buffer(int) or
buffer(int, long, TimeUnit) . The latter provides extrememly useful length and
time-based "microbatching". For example, to microbatch a set of database updates
that are expensive to send across a WAN connection, you might want to buffer
them until you either have a set amount or a certain timeout has elapsed. //
create a stream backed by a load-balanced, round-robin assigned Dispatcher
Stream<Update> updateStream = Streams.defer(env,
env.getDefaultDispatcherFactory().get()); updateStream.buffer(1024, 350,
TimeUnit.MILLISECONDS) .consume(driver::batchUpdate); This will collect
streaming updates until either 1024 of them have been collected or 350
milliseconds have expired, whichever comes first. It will then trigger the
downstream processing by passing a List<Update> of either 1024 elements or
however many were collected in 350ms. This allows you to write very, very
efficient systems that deal with high volumes of data
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 12744 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 1978>>

again another rewrite. This time however, it was designed to be a lot more
modular and with a middleware-centric design. This allowed for code that was a
lot easier to keep track of and maintain, and, as of November 2024, is what is
currently deployed to production. Release Process Changes The goal with
integrating R2 into the release process was to change as little as possible. To
accomplish this, a similar workflow to what was already in place was made.
Release CI jobs now upload their assets to a dist-staging bucket in addition to
the staging directory on the origin server. Then, when a release is promoted,
the assets in dist-staging are copied over to a dist-prod bucket, which is what
the Release Worker reads from. Maintainability As said in our previous blog post
on the website redesign, an open source project is only as good as its
documentation. In order for the Release Worker to be maintainable, it needed to
well documented. This was achieved not only through thorough comments in the
codebase but also documents such as, README Collaborator Guide Contributing
Guide General Documentation on things Standard Operating Procedures for things
such as incident flows. What's next? The work isn't done just yet. We still want
to, Look into any performance improvements that could be made. This includes
looking into integrating Cloudflare KV for directory listings. Have better tests
and a better development environment ( PR! ). Metrics to give us more visibility
into how the Release Worker is behaving and if there's anything
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 17796 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 2387>>

Cloud Gateway and related infrastructure across the Spring portfolio can equally
benefit from a Virtual Threads setup along with Spring MVC, providing a
consistent overall experience. So, what does that mean for WebFlux and the
reactive stack? We, on purpose, chose to have distinct blocking and reactive
stacks to take full advantage of reactive in WebFlux server, and to keep the
Spring Web MVC stack (by far the most frequently used web stack on
start.spring.io ) as lean as possible with a regular blocking thread
architecture. Spring MVC on a Servlet container is ideally positioned for
Virtual Threads as an appealing solution for improving the scalability of
traditional web applications. WebFlux server on the other hand provides an
optimized reactive stack as an ideal fit with a Netty I/O setup, delivering
equivalent runtime benefits through a different programming model. When you need
application-level concurrency (for example sending multiple remote HTTP
requests, potentially streamed, and combine the result), Project Loom structured
concurrency may provide an interesting low-level building block in the future,
but this is not the kind of API that developers typically need in Spring
applications (and it is still in preview). For such a use case, WebFlux and
reactive APIs like Reactor have an unmatched added value for the time being, as
well as Kotlin Coroutines and their Flow type which provides an interesting
combination of imperative and declarative programming models. RSocket is another
example of great added value of a reactive interaction model. Note that you do
not have to choose one or the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 22606 <<"chunk_id": 17, "docno": 3375>>

hypermedia to your service without hard coding a thing. At this stage, you have
created a Spring MVC REST controller that actually produces hypermedia-powered
content. Clients that do not speak HAL can ignore the extra bits while consuming
the pure data. Clients that do speak HAL can navigate your empowered API. But
that is not the only thing needed to build a truly RESTful service with Spring.
Evolving REST APIs With one additional library and a few lines of extra code,
you have added hypermedia to your application. But that is not the only thing
needed to make your service RESTful. An important facet of REST is the fact that
it is neither a technology stack nor a single standard. REST is a collection of
architectural constraints that, when adopted, make your application much more
resilient. A key factor of resilience is that when you make upgrades to your
services, your clients do not suffer downtime. In the "olden" days, upgrades
were notorious for breaking clients. In other words, an upgrade to the server
required an update to the client. In this day and age, hours or even minutes of
downtime spent doing an upgrade can cost millions in lost revenue. Some
companies require that you present management with a plan to minimize downtime.
In the past, you could get away with upgrading at 2:00 a.m. on a Sunday when
load was at a minimum. But in today’s Internet-based e-commerce with
international customers in other time zones, such strategies are not as
effective. SOAP-based services and
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10046 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 1446>>

1024 elements or however many were collected in 350ms. This allows you to write
very, very efficient systems that deal with high volumes of data in batches to
minimize network bandwidth usage and maximize throughput (while still maintaing
a predicatble latency). Along with microbatching Stream provides facilities like
filter , flatMap , movingBuffer , join , merge , sample , sort , and many other
operations which are largely self-explanatory. Much like Scala's collection API
or RxJava's Observable, Reactor's Stream provides functional and reactive ways
to process data quickly, efficiently, and at extremely high volume while
maintaining predictable, low latencies. It's not an exaggeration to say that you
could write your entire application using the Stream as a foundational component
that is used to submit asynchronous tasks for execution and also to process
traditional collections of data in a reactive way--and then mix the two
approaches by combining live data with historical data. Parallel processing It's
sometimes necessary to split up a stream of data into parallel pipelines for
doing concurrent processing. Reactor's Stream provides an extremely convenient
way to do this with the parallel(int) operation. You simply attach your business
logic to the Stream provided after the parallel call and data will be
round-robined between the downstream pipelines for concurrent processing.
HotStream<String> stream = Streams.defer(env); // by default uses number of CPUs
as thread count stream.parallel(substream -> substream.map(greeting -> "Hello "
+ greeting + "!") .consume(log::info)); Here's an interesting example of the
Reactive Streams implementation showing itself in your code: when you run this
you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 20928 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 3070>>

RabbitMQ 2.4.0, released March 23, 2011, a new topic routing algorithm
optimization is available that is 60 times faster at peak than the previous
topic algorithm. Due to this, one recommendation is to go for less exchanges and
queues, and more routing because the time increase is now minimal. Performance
What is Cheap? In terms of memory cost, exchanges and bindings. In Erlang ,
which RabbitMQ is built on, each node (broker) is a process, as is each queue.
By default the Erlang VM process limit is set to 1M, which can be raised.
However, an exchange is not a process for scalability reasons, it is simply a
row in RabbitMQ's built-in Mnesia database. In a cluster, declaring an exchange
causes it to appear on all nodes of the cluster, while declaring a queue creates
it on only one of the nodes. This explains why exchanges survive node restarts
or creating a node in a cluster, yet queues do not. Be wary of binding churn. In
strategy number 2, if you create many new queues and their bindings, whenever
consumers attach you might run into problems. For instance, given exchanges
E1...En to which many messages are being published, whenever consumer Cm
connects, it creates bindings from its own queue to all of E1...En which may
cause problems, depending on the rate of connections. To alleviate binding
churn, consider exchange-to-exchange bindings, new as of version 2.3.1. Each
consumer could have its own secondary exchange Ym which must not be auto-delete.
Then bind all of E1...En to Ym
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
