Index: 59134 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 9773>>

Server 4.0. R2DBC (the specification for reactive SQL database drivers) started
to emerge, and we decided to pick up on R2DBC with Spring Data R2DBC. Both
projects wanted to expose transactional behavior, so they eventually provided
inTransaction(…) methods on their Template APIs to perform units of work guarded
by native transactions. While it is convenient to use an inTransaction(…) method
for smaller chunks of work, it does not reflect the Spring way of supporting
transactions. When working with imperative programming models, Spring Framework
allows for two arrangements of transaction management: @Transactional and
TransactionTemplate (declarative respective programmatic transaction
management). Both approaches to transaction management are built on top of
PlatformTransactionManager , which manages transactions for transactional
resources. PlatformTransactionManager can be either a Spring-provided
transaction manager implementation or a Java EE one based on JTA. Both
approaches have in common that they bind the transactional state to ThreadLocal
storage, which allows for transactional state management without passing a
TransactionStatus object. Transaction management should happen in the background
in a non-invasive manner. ThreadLocal works in imperative programming
arrangements because of the underlying assumption that we do not engage threads
to continue work within a transaction. How Imperative Transaction Management
Works Transaction management needs to associate its transactional state with an
execution. In imperative programming, this is typically a ThreadLocal storage –
Transactional state is bound to a Thread . The underlying assumption is that
transactional code gets executed on the same thread on which the container has
invoked it. Reactive programming models remove this fundamental assumption of
imperative (synchronous/blocking)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56676 <<"chunk_id": 197, "docno": 9200>>

core concepts, such as “convention over configuration”, letting Apache Geode
applications be built with Spring Boot reliably, quickly, and easily. SDG
provides this annotation-based configuration model to, first and foremost, give
application developers “choice” when building Spring applications with Apache
Geode. SDG makes no assumptions about what application developers are trying to
create and fails fast anytime the configuration is ambiguous, giving users
immediate feedback. Second, SDG’s annotations were meant to get application
developers up and running quickly and reliably with ease. SDG accomplishes this
by applying sensible defaults so that application developers need not know, or
even have to learn, all the intricate configuration details and tooling provided
by Apache Geode to accomplish simple tasks, such as building a prototype. So,
SDG is all about “choice” and SBDG is all about “convention”. Together these
frameworks provide application developers with convenience and ease to move
quickly and reliably. To learn more about the motivation behind SDG’s
annotation-based configuration model, see the Reference Documentation .
Conventions Currently, SBDG provides auto-configuration for the following
features: ClientCache Caching with Spring’s Cache Abstraction Continuous Query
Function Execution and Implementation Logging PDX GemfireTemplate Spring Data
Repositories Security (Client/server auth and SSL) Spring Session This means the
following SDG annotations are not required to use the features above:
@ClientCacheApplication @EnableGemfireCaching (or by using Spring Framework’s
@EnableCaching annotation) @EnableContinuousQueries
@EnableGemfireFunctionExecutions @EnableGemfireFunctions @EnableLogging
@EnablePdx @EnableGemfireRepositories @EnableSecurity @EnableSsl
@EnableGemFireHttpSession Since SBDG auto-configures these features for you, the
above annotations are not strictly required. Typically, you would only declare
one of these annotations when you want
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 59352 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 9815>>

to JPA. That separate layer aka Neo4j-OGM (Neo4j Object Graph Mapper) is now
contained in this module itself. Spring Data Neo4j itself is an object mapper,
dedicated to be used in Spring and Spring Boot applications and in some
supported Jakarta EE environments. It does not require or support a separate
implementation of an object mapper. Noteworthy features that differentiate the
current SDN version from prior SDN+OGM are SDN is a complete OGM on its own Full
support for immutable entities and thus full support for Kotlin’s data classes
Full support for the reactive programming model in the Spring Framework itself
and Spring Data Neo4j client and reactive client feature, resurrecting the idea
of a template over the plain driver, easing database access We provide
repositories as a high-level abstraction for storing and querying documents as
well as templates and clients for generic domain access or generic query
execution. All of them are integrated with Spring’s application transactions.
The core functionality of the Neo4j support can be used directly, through either
the Neo4jClient or the Neo4jTemplate or the reactive variants thereof. All of
them provide integration with Spring’s application level transactions. On a
lower level, you can grab the Bolt driver instance, but than you have to manage
your own transactions in these cases. You still can use Neo4j-OGM, even in
modern Spring Boot applications. But you cannot use it with SDN 6+. If you tried
you would have two different sets of entities in two different - and unrelated -
persistence context. Hence, if you
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56568 <<"chunk_id": 89, "docno": 9200>>

the Spring Cache Abstraction Provider #application.properties
spring.cache.type=redis ... If you prefer not to use Spring’s Cache Abstraction
to manage your Spring Boot application’s state at all, then set the
spring.cache.type property to "none": Example 108. Disable Spring’s Cache
Abstraction #application.properties spring.cache.type=none ... See the Spring
Boot documentation for more detail. You can include multiple caching providers
on the classpath of your Spring Boot application. For instance, you might use
Redis to cache your application’s state while using Apache Geode as your
application’s persistent data store (that is, the System of Record (SOR)).
Spring Boot does not properly recognize spring.cache.type=[gemfire|geode] , even
though Spring Boot for Apache Geode is set up to handle either of these property
values (that is, either gemfire or geode ). 11. Data Access with GemfireTemplate
There are several ways to access data stored in Apache Geode. For instance, you
can use the Region API directly. If you are driven by the application’s domain
context, you can use the power of Spring Data Repositories instead. While the
Region API offers flexibility, it couples your application to Apache Geode,
which is usually undesirable and unnecessary. While using Spring Data
Repositories provides a very powerful and convenient abstraction, you give up
the flexibility provided by a lower-level Region API. A good compromise is to
use the Template software design pattern . This pattern is consistently and
widely used throughout the entire Spring portfolio. For example, the Spring
Framework provides JdbcTemplate and JmsTemplate . Other Spring Data modules,
such as Spring Data Redis, offer the RedisTemplate
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 56524 <<"chunk_id": 45, "docno": 9200>>

the classpath) that ultimately help you keep your attention and focus on solving
the problem at hand and not on the plumbing. For example, if you are building a
web application, you can include the
org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-starter-web dependency on your application
classpath. Not only does Spring Boot enable you to build Spring Web MVC
Controllers appropriate to your application UC (your responsibility), but it
also bootstraps your web application in an embedded Servlet container on startup
(Spring Boot’s responsibility). This saves you from having to handle many
low-level, repetitive, and tedious development tasks that are error-prone and
easy to get wrong when you are trying to solve problems. You need not care how
the plumbing works until you need to customize something. And, when you do, you
are better informed and prepared to do so. It is also equally essential that
frameworks, such as Spring Boot, get out of the way quickly when application
requirements diverge from the provided defaults. This is the beautiful and
powerful thing about Spring Boot and why it is second to none in its class.
Still, auto-configuration does not solve every problem all the time. Therefore,
you need to use declarative configuration in some cases, whether expressed as
bean definitions, in properties, or by some other means. This is so that
frameworks do not leave things to chance, especially when things are ambiguous.
The framework gives you choice. Keeping our goals in mind, this chapter: Refers
you to the SDG annotations covered by SBDG’s auto-configuration. Lists all SDG
annotations not covered by
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 5106 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 709>>

is deferred until the ApplicationContext has started. Open EntityManager in View
If you are running a web application, Spring Boot by default registers
OpenEntityManagerInViewInterceptor to apply the “Open EntityManager in View”
pattern, to allow for lazy loading in web views. If you do not want this
behavior, you should set spring.jpa.open-in-view to false in your
application.properties . Spring Data JDBC Spring Data includes repository
support for JDBC and will automatically generate SQL for the methods on
CrudRepository . For more advanced queries, a @Query annotation is provided.
Spring Boot will auto-configure Spring Data’s JDBC repositories when the
necessary dependencies are on the classpath. They can be added to your project
with a single dependency on spring-boot-starter-data-jdbc . If necessary, you
can take control of Spring Data JDBC’s configuration by adding the
@EnableJdbcRepositories annotation or an AbstractJdbcConfiguration subclass to
your application. If you’re using Spring Data JDBC with ahead-of-time processing
(targeting either the JVM or a native image), some additional configuration is
recommended. To prevent the need for a DB connection during AOT processing,
define a JdbcDialect bean that’s appropriate for your application’s database.
For example, if you’re using Postgres, define a JdbcPostgresDialect bean. For
complete details of Spring Data JDBC, see the reference documentation . Using
H2’s Web Console The H2 database provides a browser-based console that Spring
Boot can auto-configure for you. The console is auto-configured when the
following conditions are met: You are developing a servlet-based web
application. org.springframework.boot:spring-boot-h2console is on the classpath.
You are using Spring Boot’s developer tools . If you are
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 59705 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 9887>>

It builds on top of the Neo4j Java Driver . The instance of the Java driver is
provided through Spring Boot’s automatic configuration itself. All configuration
options of the driver are accessible in the namespace spring.neo4j . The driver
bean provides imperative, asynchronous and reactive methods to interact with
Neo4j. You can use all transaction methods the driver provides on that bean such
as auto-commit transactions , transaction functions and unmanaged transactions.
Be aware that those transactions are not tight to an ongoing Spring transaction.
Integration with Spring Data and Spring’s platform or reactive transaction
manager starts at the Neo4j Client . The client is part of SDN is configured
through a separate starter, spring-boot-starter-data-neo4j . The configuration
namespace of that starter is spring.data.neo4j . The client is mapping agnostic.
It doesn’t know about your domain classes, and you are responsible for mapping a
result to an object suiting your needs. The next higher level of abstraction is
the Neo4j Template. It is aware of your domain, and you can use it to query
arbitrary domain objects. The template comes in handy in scenarios with a large
number of domain classes or custom queries for which you don’t want to create an
additional repository abstraction each. The highest level of abstraction is a
Spring Data repository. All abstractions of SDN come in both imperative and
reactive fashions. It is not recommended mixing both programming styles in the
same application. The reactive infrastructure requires a Neo4j 4.0+ database.
Figure 1. SDN building blocks The template mechanism is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 7659 <<"chunk_id": 13, "docno": 1055>>

and will, therefore, provide a handler for all requests. If no static content is
available, ResourceHttpRequestHandler will throw a NoResourceFoundException .
For a NoHandlerFoundException to be thrown, set spring.mvc.static-path-pattern
to a more specific value such as /resources/** or set
spring.web.resources.add-mappings to false to disable serving of static content
entirely. ConfigurableWebBindingInitializer Spring MVC uses a
WebBindingInitializer to initialize a WebDataBinder for a particular request. If
you create your own ConfigurableWebBindingInitializer @Bean , Spring Boot
automatically configures Spring MVC to use it. Template Engines As well as REST
web services, you can also use Spring MVC to serve dynamic HTML content. Spring
MVC supports a variety of templating technologies, including Thymeleaf,
FreeMarker, and JSPs. Also, many other templating engines include their own
Spring MVC integrations. Spring Boot includes auto-configuration support for the
following templating engines: FreeMarker Groovy Thymeleaf Mustache If possible,
JSPs should be avoided. There are several known limitations when using them with
embedded servlet containers. When you use one of these templating engines with
the default configuration, your templates are picked up automatically from
src/main/resources/templates . Depending on how you run your application, your
IDE may order the classpath differently. Running your application in the IDE
from its main method results in a different ordering than when you run your
application by using Maven or Gradle or from its packaged jar. This can cause
Spring Boot to fail to find the expected template. If you have this problem, you
can reorder the classpath in the IDE to place the module’s classes and resources
first. Error Handling
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 25770 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 3559>>

right place to find these type of samples. ADVANCED (samples/advanced) This
category targets develoopers who are very familiar with Spring Integration
framework but looking to extend it to address a specific custom need by using
Spring Integration public API. For example; if you are looking for samples
showing you how to implement a custom Channel or Consumer (event-based or
polling-based), or you trying to figure out what is the most appropriate way to
implement custom Bean parser on top of Spring Integration Bean parsers hierarchy
when implementing custom name space for a custom component, this would be the
right place to look. Here you can also find samples that will help you with
Adapter development. Spring Integration comes with an extensive library of
adapters to allow you to connect remote systems with Spring Integration
messaging framework. However you might have a need to integrate with system for
which the core framework does not provide an adapter. So you have to implement
your own. This category would include samples showing you how to do it.
APPLICATIONS (samples/applications) This category targets developers and
architects who have a good understanding of the Messaging architecture, EIP and
above average understanding of Spring and Spring Integration frameworks and are
looking for samples that address a particular business problem. In other words
the emphasis of samples in this category is business use cases and how they
could be solved via Messaging Architecture and Spring Integration in particular.
For example; If you are interested to see how a Loan Broker or Travel Agent
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 42309 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 6489>>

the different transaction manager implementations in different versions Control
over transaction isolation level: a very useful feature not available in JTA For
those familiar with JTA, using the UserTransaction, as you do when controlling
transactions programmatically in Java EE, has some significant gaps, perhaps
understandable given the now obsolete assumption when J2EE was first conceived
nearly ten years ago that no one would ever want to do transaction management
without EJB. The problem is that some operations like suspending a transaction
(to get "requires new" semantics, for example), are only possible on the
TransactionManager. This interface is standardized in the JTA spec, but unlike
the UserTransaction it does not offer a well-known JNDI location or other way of
obtaining it. Some other things, such as control of isolation level or
server-specific "transaction naming" (for monitoring or other purposes) are not
possible at all with JTA. Because Spring provides a rich, portable transaction
abstraction, it does the work under the covers of driving JTA and other APIs, so
your code doesn't need to know anything about the underlying infrastructure, and
thus can take advantage of any proprietary APIs that give more control or
greater efficiency. Spring supports both declarative and programmatic
transactions, so you can layer transaction management onto POJOs that don't know
anything about it; or, if transaction management is part of your business logic,
you can use a more elegant API that offers more features than JTA, isn't tied to
JNDI, and is much less verbose to work with. This code will go into the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 54760 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 8898>>

is declared. For instance, the Spring Boot BOM declares an explicit (level 1)
dependency management for spring-core but not on any other Spring Framework jars
(those are brought in via a reference to the Spring Framework BOM). The rule is
that the first time it is declared wins, but the whole tree is included
(including all BOMs), searching from the top, level by level. NOTE: Gradle does
not have this "last one wins" rule without the Spring Boot (or Spring Dependency
Management) Plugin. To do the same thing with a "native" Gradle build often
requires careful and tedious work manually fixing transitive dependency
versions. Further Manipulating Dependency Versions If you want to bump the
version of a dependency beyond what is specified in the Spring Boot and Spring
Cloud BOMs, things can get complicated. Broadly speaking there are 2 options:
properties and additional BOMs. The first (properties) works with the off the
shelf parent POMs, and the other doesn't. The second (more BOMs) only works if
there is a BOM available for the dependency you are interested in, and only if
the transitive dependencies don't conflict with your requirements. All of the
Spring Cloud projects have their own BOM, for instance, as does Spring
Framework, so that's a start. Properties The Spring Boot parent POM (and the
Spring Cloud one if you use that since it inherits from the Boot one) has all of
its dependency versions extracted into <properties/> . So you can often just
change the property value. Example in Maven: <parent>
<groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>
<artifactId>spring-boot-starter-parent</artifactId>
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 27224 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 3936>>

not only fix the vulnerability reported in the CVE, but they also make
disallowed field patterns more robust in general. Does This Affect My
Application? These are the necessary conditions for the specific vulnerability:
Registration of disallowed field patterns in a DataBinder spring-webmvc or
spring-webflux dependency Spring Framework versions 5.3.0 to 5.3.18, 5.2.0 to
5.2.20, and older versions Additional notes: The issue relates to data binding
used to populate an object from request parameters (either query parameters or
form data). Data binding is used for controller method parameters that are
annotated with @ModelAttribute or optionally without it, and without any other
Spring Web annotation. The issue does not relate to @RequestBody controller
method parameters (e.g. JSON deserialization). However, such methods may still
be vulnerable if they have another method parameter populated via data binding
from query parameters. Your Spring MVC or Spring WebFlux application may be
susceptible to data binding issues even if you do not register disallowed field
patterns . We highly encourage you to review your DataBinder configuration and
more broadly your approach to data binding. For more details, please see the new
Data Binding Model Design section in the Spring Framework reference manual.
Reassessing Your Data Binding Approach If you're using disallowed field patterns
and plan to continue using them, you should definitely update to Spring
Framework 5.3.19 and 5.2.21 or greater as soon as possible. However, there are
alternatives to relying on disallowed field patterns . As discussed in the new
Model Design section in the reference manual, our recommended approach is
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 54931 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 8918>>

between Tomcat, Jetty and Undertow Netty is a bit faster on startup - you won’t
notice in a large app The more features you use, the more classes are loaded
Functional bean definitions provide an incremental improvement A minimal Spring
Boot app with an HTTP endpoint starts in <1sec and uses <10MB heap Some links:
https://github.com/dsyer/spring-boot-startup-bench - older benchmarks (back to
Spring Boot 1.3), fat jar data /static benchmarks in the same repo - newer,
explores classes loaded correlation /flux benchmarks in the same repo - WebFlux
https://spring.io/blog/2018/10/22/functional-bean-registrations-in-spring-cloud-function
- blog on functional beans in Spring Cloud Function Spring Fu:
https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-fu
https://github.com/dsyer/spring-boot-allocations - benchmarks for functional
beans and GC pressure https://github.com/dsyer/spring-boot-micro-apps -
functional beans and AOT (same code as the "allocations" project but sample apps
not benchmarks) TL;DR How do I make my app go faster? (Copied from here .) You
are mostly going to have to drop features, so not all of these suggestions will
be possible for all apps. Some are not so painful, and actually pretty natural
in a container, e.g. if you are building a docker image it’s better to unpack
the jar and put application classes in a different filesystem layer anyway.
Classpath exclusions from Spring Boot web starters: Hibernate Validator Jackson
(but Spring Boot actuators depend on it). Use Gson if you need JSON rendering
(only works with MVC out of the box). Logback: use slf4j-jdk14 instead Use the
spring-context-indexer . It’s not going to add much, but every little helps.
Don’t use actuators if you can afford not to. Use
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 9881 <<"chunk_id": 11, "docno": 1417>>

beans that act as database initializers and beans that require that database to
have been initialized are detected automatically. Beans whose initialization
depends upon the database having been initialized are configured to depend upon
those that initialize it. If, during startup, your application tries to access
the database and it has not been initialized, you can configure additional
detection of beans that initialize the database and require the database to have
been initialized. Detect a Database Initializer Spring Boot will automatically
detect beans of the following types that initialize an SQL database:
DataSourceScriptDatabaseInitializer EntityManagerFactory Flyway
FlywayMigrationInitializer R2dbcScriptDatabaseInitializer SpringLiquibase If you
are using a third-party starter for a database initialization library, it may
provide a detector such that beans of other types are also detected
automatically. To have other beans be detected, register an implementation of
DatabaseInitializerDetector in META-INF/spring.factories . Detect a Bean That
Depends On Database Initialization Spring Boot will automatically detect beans
of the following types that depends upon database initialization:
AbstractEntityManagerFactoryBean (unless
spring.jpa.defer-datasource-initialization is set to true ) DSLContext (jOOQ)
EntityManagerFactory (unless spring.jpa.defer-datasource-initialization is set
to true ) JdbcClient JdbcOperations NamedParameterJdbcOperations If you are
using a third-party starter data access library, it may provide a detector such
that beans of other types are also detected automatically. To have other beans
be detected, register an implementation of
DependsOnDatabaseInitializationDetector in META-INF/spring.factories .
Alternatively, annotate the bean’s class or its @Bean method with
@DependsOnDatabaseInitialization . Data Access NoSQL Spring Boot Stable 4.1.0
4.0.7 3.5.16 3.4.13 3.3.13 Snapshot 4.2.0-SNAPSHOT 4.1.1-SNAPSHOT 4.0.8-SNAPSHOT
Related Spring Documentation Spring Boot Spring Framework
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 41391 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 6322>>

has no dependencies on LDAP or the servlet API, for example, and there are now
separate jars for web-specific code and for LDAP. We've also split out the
namespace parsing code out int a separate jar, as it depends on most of the
other jars and doesn't expose any public APIs that you are likely to use
directly in your application. You only need to use it if you are using Spring
Security namespace configuration in your application context XML files. The main
project jars are shown in the following table. Jar Name Description When to use
Root Package(s) spring-security-core Core authentication and access-contol
classes and interfaces. Remoting support and basic provisioning APIs. Required
by any application which uses Spring Security. Supports standalone applications,
remote clients, method (service layer) security and JDBC user provisioning.
org.springframework.security.core , org.springframework.security.access ,
org.springframework.security.authentication ,
org.springframework.security.provisioning ,
org.springframework.security.remoting spring-security-web Filters and other
web-security infrastructure and related code. Anything with a servlet API
dependency. If you require Spring Security web authentication services and
URL-based access-control org.springframework.security.web spring-security-config
Namespace parsing code. If you are using the Spring Security XML namespace.
org.springframework.security.config spring-security-ldap LDAP authentication and
provisioning code. If you need to use LDAP authentication or manage LDAP user
entries. org.springframework.security.ldap spring-security-acl Domain object ACL
implementation. If you need to apply security to specific domain object
instances within your application. org.springframework.security.acls
spring-security-cas-client Spring Security's CAS client integration. If you want
to use Spring Security web authentication with a CAS single sign-on server.
org.springframework.security.cas spring-security-openid OpenID web
authentication support. If you need to authenticate users
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 10067 <<"chunk_id": 17, "docno": 1450>>

use to switch the auto-configured repositories on and off in external
configuration. Doing so is useful, for instance, in case you want to switch off
the Mongo repositories and still use the auto-configured MongoTemplate . The
same obstacle and the same features exist for other auto-configured Spring Data
repository types (Elasticsearch, Redis, and others). To work with them, change
the names of the annotations and flags accordingly. Customize Spring Data’s Web
Support Spring Data provides web support that simplifies the use of Spring Data
repositories in a web application. Spring Boot provides properties in the
spring.data.web namespace for customizing its configuration. Note that if you
are using Spring Data REST, you must use the properties in the spring.data.rest
namespace instead. Expose Spring Data Repositories as REST Endpoint Spring Data
REST can expose the Repository implementations as REST endpoints for you,
provided Spring MVC has been enabled for the application. Spring Boot exposes a
set of useful properties (from the spring.data.rest namespace) that customize
the RepositoryRestConfiguration . If you need to provide additional
customization, you should use a RepositoryRestConfigurer bean. If you do not
specify any order on your custom RepositoryRestConfigurer , it runs after the
one Spring Boot uses internally. If you need to specify an order, make sure it
is higher than 0. Configure a Component that is Used by JPA If you want to
configure a component that JPA uses, then you need to ensure that the component
is initialized before JPA. When the component is auto-configured, Spring Boot
takes care of this for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 46717 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 7308>>

the specific scenario from the report: Running on JDK 9 or higher Packaged as a
traditional WAR and deployed on a standalone Servlet container. Typical Spring
Boot deployments using an embedded Servlet container or reactive web server are
not impacted. spring-webmvc or spring-webflux dependency. Spring Framework
versions 5.3.0 to 5.3.17, 5.2.0 to 5.2.19, and older versions. Additional notes:
The vulnerability involves ClassLoader access and depends on the actual Servlet
Container in use. Tomcat 10.0.19, 9.0.61, 8.5.77, and earlier versions are known
to be vulnerable. Payara and Glassfish are also known to be vulnerable. Other
Servlet containers may also be vulnerable. The issue relates to data binding
used to populate an object from request parameters (either query parameters or
form data). Data binding is used for controller method parameters that are
annotated with @ModelAttribute or optionally without it, and without any other
Spring Web annotation. The issues does not relate to @RequestBody controller
method parameters (e.g. JSON deserialization). However, such methods may still
be vulnerable if they have another method parameter populated via data binding
from query parameters. Status Spring Framework 5.3.18 and 5.2.20, which contain
the fixes, have been released. Spring Boot 2.6.6 and 2.5.12 that depend on
Spring Framework 5.3.18 have been released. CVE-2022-22965 has been published.
Apache Tomcat has released versions 10.0.20, 9.0.62, and 8.5.78 which close the
attack vector on Tomcat’s side, see Spring Framework RCE, Mitigation Alternative
. Suggested Workarounds The preferred response is to update to Spring Framework
5.3.18 and 5.2.20 or greater. If you have done this, then no workarounds
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 59136 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 9773>>

. All reactive code that uses Project Reactor can now participate in reactive
transactions. Code that returns scalar values and that wants to access
transactional details must be rewritten to use reactive types to participate in
transactions. Otherwise, the Context is not available. Reactive Transaction
Management Starting with Spring Framework 5.2 M2, Spring supports reactive
transaction management through the ReactiveTransactionManager SPI.
ReactiveTransactionManager is a transaction management abstraction for reactive
and non-blocking integrations that uses transactional resources. It is a
foundation for reactive @Transactional methods that return Publisher types and
for programmatic transaction management that uses TransactionalOperator . The
first two reactive transaction manager implementations are: R2DBC through Spring
Data R2DBC 1.0 M2 MongoDB through Spring Data MongoDB 2.2 M4 Let’s take a look
at how reactive transactions look like: class TransactionalService { final
DatabaseClient db TransactionalService(DatabaseClient db) { this.db = db; }
@Transactional Mono<Void> insertRows() { return db.execute() .sql("INSERT INTO
person (name, age) VALUES('Joe', 34)") .fetch().rowsUpdated()
.then(db.execute().sql("INSERT INTO contacts (name) VALUES('Joe')") .then(); } }
Reactive transactions look very similar to imperative transactions in
annotation-driven arrangements. The main difference though is that we work with
DatabaseClient , which is a reactive resource abstraction. All transaction
management happens behind the scenes, leveraging Spring’s transaction
interceptors and ReactiveTransactionManager . Spring distinguishes (based on
method return types) which type of transaction management to apply: Method
returns a Publisher type: Reactive Transaction Management All other return
types: Imperative Transaction Management This distinction is significant, as you
could still use imperative components such as a JPA or JDBC query. Wrapping
these results
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 35319 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 4836>>

spring-boot-autoconfigure jar is now 2 MiB! While disk space is cheap, most of
the classes actually aren't interesting for you because they target a technology
you may not have in your application. That means you'll get a lot of
auto-complete suggestions for classes and configuration properties that are just
unnecessary. This adds confusion and mental load, and we're going to change that
with Spring Boot 4. So, grab a mind-soothing tea and join us for the ride! A
Modular Spring Boot 4 In Spring Boot 4, we are introducing a fundamental change
in how auto-configurations are packaged, delivered, and consumed. Instead of a
single, monolithic spring-boot-autoconfigure jar, we are now splitting
functionality into small and more focused modules. This change is motivated by
maintainability, clarity, and a leaner runtime footprint. It has ripple effects
in package structure, starters, and how end users migrate from Spring Boot 3 to
Spring Boot 4. Every technology supported by Spring Boot now has its own
starter, some of which are new in Spring Boot 4. Why Modularize the Codebase?
Now, you may ask yourself: why do this? Why touch almost everything in the
codebase and split it up? In fact, this has been a very challenging piece of
work, and one that we started before Spring Boot 3.5 was even released. The
benefits, however, are quite compelling: Maintainability and architectural
clarity : With smaller modules and enforced boundaries, the team and our
contributors can reason about each domain more clearly. Module boundaries become
contracts rather than soft conventions. Your IDE
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 48817 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 7698>>

give us as much flexibility to mark classes and interfaces as internal.
Generally you can expect anything at the top level of the source tree in
packages org.springframework.batch.* to be public, but not necessarily
sub-classable. Extending our concrete implementations of most strategies is
discouraged in favour of a composition or forking approach. If your code can use
only the interfaces from Spring Batch, that gives you the greatest possible
portability. How does Spring Batch differ from Quartz? Is there a place for them
both in a solution? Spring Batch and Quartz have different goals. Spring Batch
provides functionality for processing large volumes of data and Quartz provides
functionality for scheduling tasks. So Quartz could complement Spring Batch, but
are not excluding technologies. A common combination would be to use Quartz as a
trigger for a Spring Batch job using a Cron expression and the Spring Core
convenience SchedulerFactoryBean . How do I schedule a job with Spring Batch?
Use a scheduling tool. There are plenty of them out there. Examples: Quartz,
Control-M, Autosys. Quartz doesn’t have all the features of Control-M or Autosys
- it is supposed to be lightweight. If you want something even more lightweight
you can just use the OS ( cron , at , etc.). Simple sequential dependencies can
be implemented using the job-steps model of Spring Batch, and the non-sequential
features in Spring Batch. We think this is quite common. And in fact it makes it
easier to correct a common mis-use of schedulers - having hundreds of jobs
configured, many
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
