Index: 2939 <<"chunk_id": 3, "docno": 423>>

the effect re-runs. This time, a new, updated Virtual DOM tree is created. The
runtime renderer walks the new tree, compares it with the old one, and applies
necessary updates to the actual DOM. Templates vs. Render Functions ​ Vue
templates are compiled into virtual DOM render functions. Vue also provides APIs
that allow us to skip the template compilation step and directly author render
functions. Render functions are more flexible than templates when dealing with
highly dynamic logic, because you can work with vnodes using the full power of
JavaScript. So why does Vue recommend templates by default? There are a number
of reasons: Templates are closer to actual HTML. This makes it easier to reuse
existing HTML snippets, apply accessibility best practices, style with CSS, and
for designers to understand and modify. Templates are easier to statically
analyze due to their more deterministic syntax. This allows Vue's template
compiler to apply many compile-time optimizations to improve the performance of
the virtual DOM (which we will discuss below). In practice, templates are
sufficient for most use cases in applications. Render functions are typically
only used in reusable components that need to deal with highly dynamic rendering
logic. Render function usage is discussed in more detail in Render Functions &
JSX . Compiler-Informed Virtual DOM ​ The virtual DOM implementation in React
and most other virtual-DOM implementations are purely runtime: the
reconciliation algorithm cannot make any assumptions about the incoming virtual
DOM tree, so it has to fully traverse the tree and diff the props of
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4953 <<"chunk_id": 17, "docno": 691>>

updater function in a queue and re-render your component. During the next
render, React will calculate the next state by applying all of the queued
updaters to the previous state. optional callback : If specified, React will
call the callback you’ve provided after the update is committed. Returns
setState does not return anything. Caveats Think of setState as a request rather
than an immediate command to update the component. When multiple components
update their state in response to an event, React will batch their updates and
re-render them together in a single pass at the end of the event. In the rare
case that you need to force a particular state update to be applied
synchronously, you may wrap it in flushSync , but this may hurt performance.
setState does not update this.state immediately. This makes reading this.state
right after calling setState a potential pitfall. Instead, use
componentDidUpdate or the setState callback argument, either of which are
guaranteed to fire after the update has been applied. If you need to set the
state based on the previous state, you can pass a function to nextState as
described above. Note Calling setState in class components is similar to calling
a set function in function components. See how to migrate.
shouldComponentUpdate(nextProps, nextState, nextContext) If you define
shouldComponentUpdate , React will call it to determine whether a re-render can
be skipped. If you are confident you want to write it by hand, you may compare
this.props with nextProps and this.state with nextState and return false to tell
React the
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 1602 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 239>>

React and synchronize your components with some external system like a non-React
widget, network, or the browser DOM. If there is no external system involved
(for example, if you want to update a component’s state when some props or state
change), you shouldn’t need an Effect. Removing unnecessary Effects will make
your code easier to follow, faster to run, and less error-prone. You will learn
Why and how to remove unnecessary Effects from your components How to cache
expensive computations without Effects How to reset and adjust component state
without Effects How to share logic between event handlers Which logic should be
moved to event handlers How to notify parent components about changes How to
remove unnecessary Effects There are two common cases in which you don’t need
Effects: You don’t need Effects to transform data for rendering. For example,
let’s say you want to filter a list before displaying it. You might feel tempted
to write an Effect that updates a state variable when the list changes. However,
this is inefficient. When you update the state, React will first call your
component functions to calculate what should be on the screen. Then React will
“commit” these changes to the DOM, updating the screen. Then React will run your
Effects. If your Effect also immediately updates the state, this restarts the
whole process from scratch! To avoid the unnecessary render passes, transform
all the data at the top level of your components. That code will automatically
re-run whenever your props or state change. You don’t need
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3993 <<"chunk_id": 5, "docno": 545>>

modules, not components. Non-component modules, like inspirations.js , are also
represented in this tree. The render tree only encapsulates components.
Copyright.js appears under App.js but in the render tree, Copyright , the
component, appears as a child of InspirationGenerator . This is because
InspirationGenerator accepts JSX as children props , so it renders Copyright as
a child component but does not import the module. Dependency trees are useful to
determine what modules are necessary to run your React app. When building a
React app for production, there is typically a build step that will bundle all
the necessary JavaScript to ship to the client. The tool responsible for this is
called a bundler , and bundlers will use the dependency tree to determine what
modules should be included. As your app grows, often the bundle size does too.
Large bundle sizes are expensive for a client to download and run. Large bundle
sizes can delay the time for your UI to get drawn. Getting a sense of your app’s
dependency tree may help with debugging these issues. Recap Trees are a common
way to represent the relationship between entities. They are often used to model
UI. Render trees represent the nested relationship between React components
across a single render. With conditional rendering, the render tree may change
across different renders. With different prop values, components may render
different children components. Render trees help identify what the top-level and
leaf components are. Top-level components affect the rendering performance of
all components beneath them and leaf components are
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 7522 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 1033>>

created locally in render. When render is kept pure, React can understand how to
prioritize which updates are most important for the user to see first. This is
made possible because of render purity: since components don’t have side effects
in render , React can pause rendering components that aren’t as important to
update, and only come back to them later when it’s needed. Concretely, this
means that rendering logic can be run multiple times in a way that allows React
to give your user a pleasant user experience. However, if your component has an
untracked side effect – like modifying the value of a global variable during
render – when React runs your rendering code again, your side effects will be
triggered in a way that won’t match what you want. This often leads to
unexpected bugs that can degrade how your users experience your app. You can see
an example of this in the Keeping Components Pure page . How does React run your
code? React is declarative: you tell React what to render, and React will figure
out how best to display it to your user. To do this, React has a few phases
where it runs your code. You don’t need to know about all of these phases to use
React well. But at a high level, you should know about what code runs in render
, and what runs outside of it. Rendering refers to calculating what the next
version of your UI should look like. After rendering, React takes this
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 29337 <<"chunk_id": 573, "docno": 4202>>

within a mapped package and the specifier matches a declared dependency, the
package map resolution takes precedence. See Package maps for details.
Resolution algorithm # The algorithm to load an ES module specifier is given
through the ESM_RESOLVE method below. It returns the resolved URL for a module
specifier relative to a parentURL. The resolution algorithm determines the full
resolved URL for a module load, along with its suggested module format. The
resolution algorithm does not determine whether the resolved URL protocol can be
loaded, or whether the file extensions are permitted, instead these validations
are applied by Node.js during the load phase (for example, if it was asked to
load a URL that has a protocol that is not file: , data: or node: . The
algorithm also tries to determine the format of the file based on the extension
(see ESM_FILE_FORMAT algorithm below). If it does not recognize the file
extension (eg if it is not .mjs , .cjs , or .json ), then a format of undefined
is returned, which will throw during the load phase. The algorithm to determine
the module format of a resolved URL is provided by ESM_FILE_FORMAT , which
returns the unique module format for any file. The "module" format is returned
for an ECMAScript Module, while the "commonjs" format is used to indicate
loading through the legacy CommonJS loader. Additional formats such as "addon"
can be extended in future updates. In the following algorithms, all subroutine
errors are propagated as errors of these top-level routines unless stated
otherwise.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 9255 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 1321>>

and framework. There’s a clear separation for features provided by the RSC spec
and implementation. React Server Components is meant as a spec for components
that work across compatible React frameworks. We generally recommend using an
existing framework, but if you need to build your own custom framework, it is
possible. Building your own RSC-compatible framework is not as easy as we’d like
it to be, mainly due to the deep bundler integration needed. The current
generation of bundlers are great for use on the client, but they weren’t
designed with first-class support for splitting a single module graph between
the server and the client. This is why we’re now partnering directly with
bundler developers to get the primitives for RSC built-in. Asset Loading
Suspense lets you specify what to display on the screen while the data or code
for your components is still being loaded. This lets your users progressively
see more content while the page is loading as well as during the router
navigations that load more data and code. However, from the user’s perspective,
data loading and rendering do not tell the whole story when considering whether
new content is ready. By default, browsers load stylesheets, fonts, and images
independently, which can lead to UI jumps and consecutive layout shifts. We’re
working to fully integrate Suspense with the loading lifecycle of stylesheets,
fonts, and images, so that React takes them into account to determine whether
the content is ready to be displayed. Without any change to the way you author
your React components,
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 3989 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 545>>

How does React keep track of your app’s component structure? React, and many
other UI libraries, model UI as a tree. Thinking of your app as a tree is useful
for understanding the relationship between components. This understanding will
help you debug future concepts like performance and state management. You will
learn How React “sees” component structures What a render tree is and what it is
useful for What a module dependency tree is and what it is useful for Your UI as
a tree Trees are a relationship model between items. The UI is often represented
using tree structures. For example, browsers use tree structures to model HTML (
DOM ) and CSS ( CSSOM ). Mobile platforms also use trees to represent their view
hierarchy. React creates a UI tree from your components. In this example, the UI
tree is then used to render to the DOM. Like browsers and mobile platforms,
React also uses tree structures to manage and model the relationship between
components in a React app. These trees are useful tools to understand how data
flows through a React app and how to optimize rendering and app size. The Render
Tree A major feature of components is the ability to compose components of other
components. As we nest components , we have the concept of parent and child
components, where each parent component may itself be a child of another
component. When we render a React app, we can model this relationship in a tree,
known as the render tree. Here
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 13225 <<"chunk_id": 18, "docno": 1772>>

to the loading phase The default loader has the following properties Support for
builtin module loading via node: URLs Support for "inline" module loading via
data: URLs Support for file: module loading Fails on any other URL protocol
Fails on unknown extensions for file: loading (supports only .cjs , .js , and
.mjs ) When the --experimental-package-map flag is enabled, bare specifier
resolution first consults the package map configuration. If the importing module
is within a mapped package and the specifier matches a declared dependency, the
package map resolution takes precedence. See Package maps for details.
Resolution algorithm # The algorithm to load an ES module specifier is given
through the ESM_RESOLVE method below. It returns the resolved URL for a module
specifier relative to a parentURL. The resolution algorithm determines the full
resolved URL for a module load, along with its suggested module format. The
resolution algorithm does not determine whether the resolved URL protocol can be
loaded, or whether the file extensions are permitted, instead these validations
are applied by Node.js during the load phase (for example, if it was asked to
load a URL that has a protocol that is not file: , data: or node: . The
algorithm also tries to determine the format of the file based on the extension
(see ESM_FILE_FORMAT algorithm below). If it does not recognize the file
extension (eg if it is not .mjs , .cjs , or .json ), then a format of undefined
is returned, which will throw during the load phase. The algorithm to
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4957 <<"chunk_id": 21, "docno": 691>>

call it when the component receives new props. It only exists for historical
reasons and should not be used in any new code. Instead, use one of the
alternatives: If you need to run a side effect (for example, fetch data, run an
animation, or reinitialize a subscription) in response to prop changes, move
that logic to componentDidUpdate instead. If you need to avoid re-computing some
data only when a prop changes, use a memoization helper instead. If you need to
“reset” some state when a prop changes, consider either making a component fully
controlled or fully uncontrolled with a key instead. If you need to “adjust”
some state when a prop changes, check whether you can compute all the necessary
information from props alone during rendering. If you can’t, use static
getDerivedStateFromProps instead. See examples of migrating away from unsafe
lifecycles. Parameters nextProps : The next props that the component is about to
receive from its parent component. Compare nextProps to this.props to determine
what changed. nextContext : The next context that the component is about to
receive from the closest provider. Compare nextContext to this.context to
determine what changed. Only available if you specify static contextType .
Returns UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps should not return anything. Caveats
UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps will not get called if the component implements
static getDerivedStateFromProps or getSnapshotBeforeUpdate . Despite its naming,
UNSAFE_componentWillReceiveProps does not guarantee that the component will
receive those props if your app uses modern React features like Suspense . If a
render attempt is suspended (for example, because the code for
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4521 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 624>>

rendered on the server. App is rendered on the server as it is the root
component. Client Components can render Server Components because you can pass
JSX as props. In this case, InspirationGenerator receives Copyright as children
. However, the InspirationGenerator module never directly imports the Copyright
module nor calls the component, all of that is done by App . In fact, the
Copyright component is fully executed before InspirationGenerator starts
rendering. The takeaway is that a parent-child render relationship between
components does not guarantee the same render environment. When to use 'use
client' With 'use client' , you can determine when components are Client
Components. As Server Components are default, here is a brief overview of the
advantages and limitations to Server Components to determine when you need to
mark something as client rendered. For simplicity, we talk about Server
Components, but the same principles apply to all code in your app that is server
run. Advantages of Server Components Server Components can reduce the amount of
code sent and run by the client. Only Client modules are bundled and evaluated
by the client. Server Components benefit from running on the server. They can
access the local filesystem and may experience low latency for data fetches and
network requests. Limitations of Server Components Server Components cannot
support interaction as event handlers must be registered and triggered by a
client. For example, event handlers like onClick can only be defined in Client
Components. Server Components cannot use most Hooks. When Server Components are
rendered, their output
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4959 <<"chunk_id": 23, "docno": 691>>

run an animation, or reinitialize a subscription) in response to prop or state
changes, move that logic to componentDidUpdate instead. If you need to read some
information from the DOM (for example, to save the current scroll position) so
that you can use it in componentDidUpdate later, read it inside
getSnapshotBeforeUpdate instead. See examples of migrating away from unsafe
lifecycles. Parameters nextProps : The next props that the component is about to
render with. Compare nextProps to this.props to determine what changed.
nextState : The next state that the component is about to render with. Compare
nextState to this.state to determine what changed. Returns
UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate should not return anything. Caveats
UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate will not get called if shouldComponentUpdate is
defined and returns false . UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate will not get called if
the component implements static getDerivedStateFromProps or
getSnapshotBeforeUpdate . It’s not supported to call setState (or any method
that leads to setState being called, like dispatching a Redux action) during
componentWillUpdate . Despite its naming, UNSAFE_componentWillUpdate does not
guarantee that the component will update if your app uses modern React features
like Suspense . If a render attempt is suspended (for example, because the code
for some child component has not loaded yet), React will throw the in-progress
tree away and attempt to construct the component from scratch during the next
attempt. By the time of the next render attempt, the props and state might be
different. This is why this method is “unsafe”. Code that should run only for
committed updates (like resetting a subscription) should go
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2313 <<"chunk_id": 1, "docno": 337>>

props can become verbose and inconvenient if you have to pass them through many
components in the middle, or if many components in your app need the same
information. Context lets the parent component make some information available
to any component in the tree below it—no matter how deep—without passing it
explicitly through props. You will learn What “prop drilling” is How to replace
repetitive prop passing with context Common use cases for context Common
alternatives to context The problem with passing props Passing props is a great
way to explicitly pipe data through your UI tree to the components that use it.
But passing props can become verbose and inconvenient when you need to pass some
prop deeply through the tree, or if many components need the same prop. The
nearest common ancestor could be far removed from the components that need data,
and lifting state up that high can lead to a situation called “prop drilling”.
Lifting state up Prop drilling Wouldn’t it be great if there were a way to
“teleport” data to the components in the tree that need it without passing
props? With React’s context feature, there is! Context: an alternative to
passing props Context lets a parent component provide data to the entire tree
below it. There are many uses for context. Here is one example. Consider this
Heading component that accepts a level for its size: App.js Section.js
Heading.js App.js Reload Clear Fork import Heading from './Heading.js' ; import
Section from './Section.js' ; export default function Page ( )
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 538 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 94>>

page built with another technology (either a server one like Rails, or a client
one like Backbone), and you want to render interactive React components
somewhere on that page. That’s a common way to integrate React—in fact, it’s how
most React usage looked at Meta for many years! You can do this in two steps:
Set up a JavaScript environment that lets you use the JSX syntax , split your
code into modules with the import / export syntax, and use packages (for
example, React) from the npm package registry. Render your React components
where you want to see them on the page. The exact approach depends on your
existing page setup, so let’s walk through some details. Step 1: Set up a
modular JavaScript environment A modular JavaScript environment lets you write
your React components in individual files, as opposed to writing all of your
code in a single file. It also lets you use all the wonderful packages published
by other developers on the npm registry—including React itself! How you do this
depends on your existing setup: If your app is already split into files that use
import statements, try to use the setup you already have. Check whether writing
<div /> in your JS code causes a syntax error. If it causes a syntax error, you
might need to transform your JavaScript code with Babel , and enable the Babel
React preset to use JSX. If your app doesn’t have an existing setup for
compiling JavaScript modules, set it up with Vite .
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 4613 <<"chunk_id": 2, "docno": 638>>

participate in reconciliation. By letting React call your components, you also
tell it more about the conceptual structure of your tree. For example, when you
move from rendering <Feed> to the <Profile> page, React won’t attempt to re-use
them. React can enhance your user experience. For example, it can let the
browser do some work between component calls so that re-rendering a large
component tree doesn’t block the main thread. A better debugging story. If
components are first-class citizens that the library is aware of, we can build
rich developer tools for introspection in development. More efficient
reconciliation. React can decide exactly which components in the tree need
re-rendering and skip over the ones that don’t. That makes your app faster and
more snappy. Never pass around Hooks as regular values Hooks should only be
called inside of components or Hooks. Never pass it around as a regular value.
Hooks allow you to augment a component with React features. They should always
be called as a function, and never passed around as a regular value. This
enables local reasoning , or the ability for developers to understand everything
a component can do by looking at that component in isolation. Breaking this rule
will cause React to not automatically optimize your component. Don’t dynamically
mutate a Hook Hooks should be as “static” as possible. This means you shouldn’t
dynamically mutate them. For example, this means you shouldn’t write higher
order Hooks: function ChatInput ( ) { const useDataWithLogging = withLogging (
useData ) ; // 🔴 Bad:
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 17736 <<"chunk_id": 6, "docno": 2350>>

has been added to QuerySet . This method returns a new QuerySet that will
prefetch each of the specified related lookups in a single batch as soon as the
query begins to be evaluated. Unlike select_related , it does the joins in
Python, not in the database, and supports many-to-many relationships,
GenericForeignKey and more. This allows you to fix a very common performance
problem in which your code ends up doing O(n) database queries (or worse) if
objects on your primary QuerySet each have many related objects that you also
need to fetch. Improved password hashing ¶ Django’s auth system (
django.contrib.auth ) stores passwords using a one-way algorithm. Django 1.3
uses the SHA1 algorithm, but increasing processor speeds and theoretical attacks
have revealed that SHA1 isn’t as secure as we’d like. Thus, Django 1.4
introduces a new password storage system: by default Django now uses the PBKDF2
algorithm (as recommended by NIST ). You can also easily choose a different
algorithm (including the popular bcrypt algorithm). For more details, see How
Django stores passwords . HTML5 doctype ¶ We’ve switched the admin and other
bundled templates to use the HTML5 doctype. While Django will be careful to
maintain compatibility with older browsers, this change means that you can use
any HTML5 features you need in admin pages without having to lose HTML validity
or override the provided templates to change the doctype. List filters in admin
interface ¶ Prior to Django 1.4, the admin app let you specify change list
filters by specifying a field
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2488 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 360>>

coordinate them together. Controlled components are maximally flexible, but they
require the parent components to fully configure them with props. In practice,
“controlled” and “uncontrolled” aren’t strict technical terms—each component
usually has some mix of both local state and props. However, this is a useful
way to talk about how components are designed and what capabilities they offer.
When writing a component, consider which information in it should be controlled
(via props), and which information should be uncontrolled (via state). But you
can always change your mind and refactor later. A single source of truth for
each state In a React application, many components will have their own state.
Some state may “live” close to the leaf components (components at the bottom of
the tree) like inputs. Other state may “live” closer to the top of the app. For
example, even client-side routing libraries are usually implemented by storing
the current route in the React state, and passing it down by props! For each
unique piece of state, you will choose the component that “owns” it. This
principle is also known as having a “single source of truth”. It doesn’t mean
that all state lives in one place—but that for each piece of state, there is a
specific component that holds that piece of information. Instead of duplicating
shared state between components, lift it up to their common shared parent, and
pass it down to the children that need it. Your app will change as you work on
it. It is common that you will move
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 13121 <<"chunk_id": 7, "docno": 1760>>

RFC, you can start using React features and incrementally adopt React Server
Components into your Next.js application. The internals of the new routing
system will also leverage recently released React features such as Streaming,
Suspense, and Transitions. These are the building blocks for React Server
Components. Server Components as the Default One of the biggest changes between
the pages and app directories is that, by default, files inside app will be
rendered on the server as React Server Components. This will allow you to
automatically adopt React Server Components when migrating from pages to app .
Note: Server components can be used in the app folder or your own folders, but
cannot be used in the pages directory for backwards compatibility. Client and
Server Components Convention The app folder will support server, client, and
shared components, and you'll be able to interleave these components in a tree .
There is an ongoing discussion on what exactly the convention will be for
defining Client Components and Server Components. We will follow the resolution
of this discussion. For now, Server components can be defined by appending
.server.js to the filename. E.g. layout.server.js Client components can be
defined by appending the .client.js to the filename. E.g. page.client.js . .js
files are considered shared components. Since they could be rendered on the
Server and the Client, they need to respect the constraints of each context.
Note: Client and Server components have constraints that need to be respected.
When deciding to use a client or server component, we recommend using server
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2940 <<"chunk_id": 4, "docno": 423>>

reconciliation algorithm cannot make any assumptions about the incoming virtual
DOM tree, so it has to fully traverse the tree and diff the props of every vnode
in order to ensure correctness. In addition, even if a part of the tree never
changes, new vnodes are always created for them on each re-render, resulting in
unnecessary memory pressure. This is one of the most criticized aspect of
virtual DOM: the somewhat brute-force reconciliation process sacrifices
efficiency in return for declarativeness and correctness. But it doesn't have to
be that way. In Vue, the framework controls both the compiler and the runtime.
This allows us to implement many compile-time optimizations that only a
tightly-coupled renderer can take advantage of. The compiler can statically
analyze the template and leave hints in the generated code so that the runtime
can take shortcuts whenever possible. At the same time, we still preserve the
capability for the user to drop down to the render function layer for more
direct control in edge cases. We call this hybrid approach Compiler-Informed
Virtual DOM . Below, we will discuss a few major optimizations done by the Vue
template compiler to improve the virtual DOM's runtime performance. Cache Static
​ Quite often there will be parts in a template that do not contain any dynamic
bindings: template < div > < div >foo</ div > <!-- cached --> < div >bar</ div >
<!-- cached --> < div >{{ dynamic }}</ div > </ div > Inspect in Template
Explorer The foo and bar divs
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Index: 2803 <<"chunk_id": 8, "docno": 403>>

would get confusing. The second file would become the first file, the third file
would be the second file, and so on. File names in a folder and JSX keys in an
array serve a similar purpose. They let us uniquely identify an item between its
siblings. A well-chosen key provides more information than the position within
the array. Even if the position changes due to reordering, the key lets React
identify the item throughout its lifetime. Pitfall You might be tempted to use
an item’s index in the array as its key. In fact, that’s what React will use if
you don’t specify a key at all. But the order in which you render items will
change over time if an item is inserted, deleted, or if the array gets
reordered. Index as a key often leads to subtle and confusing bugs. Similarly,
do not generate keys on the fly, e.g. with key={Math.random()} . This will cause
keys to never match up between renders, leading to all your components and DOM
being recreated every time. Not only is this slow, but it will also lose any
user input inside the list items. Instead, use a stable ID based on the data.
Note that your components won’t receive key as a prop. It’s only used as a hint
by React itself. If your component needs an ID, you have to pass it as a
separate prop: <Profile key={id} userId={id} /> . Recap On this page you
learned: How to move data out of components and into
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
